--breathe life-- 

 I even fashioned a pocket-size 'sonic screwdriver' by rigging up some bulbs, batteries and wire, though the curious contraption created such a bulge in mytrousers it looked obscene. There was also the health and safety aspect of a homemade electrical appliance left unattended in such a delicate area. As the years passed by, however, I grew weary of Dr Who and his low-budget battles with wobbly, blobby aliens and tinfoil galactic commanders. Sci-fi in the cinema was becoming more sophisticated and impressive, leaving the dated Doctor eternally locked in his own quaint TV timewarp. Perhaps I was merely a fairweather fan, for I'd already deserted the show by the time Peter Davison, Colin Baker and Sylvester McCoy took turns at attempting to breathe new life into the role. 

 Single Speaker Connection: This configuration is often used when two subs are used in stereo mode, or multipul subs are used in a 5.1 movie setup. When connecting a single speaker to the subs high level input the 3 bare end wires are connected as follows: RED and YELLOW are wound together and connected to the + (positive) terminal of either the speaker itself or the speaker out of the AV amp. The BLACK wire is then connected to the - (negative) terminal of either the speaker itself or the speaker out of the AV amp, depending on where you placed the red and yellow cables. A common movie setup is to have a larger sub on the LFE (Low Frequency Effects) via a phono sub out, and a smaller sub on the centre channel via the high level cable. The addition of a centre sub enhances and breathes new life into the dialogue and your movie experience takes on a new dimension due to the amount of action and low end bass produced through the centre channel - the sweet spot of a 5.1 system. 

 Isis assisted by her sister and Heket the frog goddess, searched to find the pieces and each place where one was found became a sacred place to Osiris. Once they had reassembled the body, Nephthys son the jackal-headed god Anubis, bound it together, creating the first mummy. This procedure was thereafter carried out on the corpses of elevated humans so that their body might not be attacked and scattered by demons. Only Osiris's phallus could not be found and so Isis created one for him. Isis became a sparrow hawk and with her swooping wings and magical incantations , breathed life into the mummy so that Osiris might awake and impregnate her- once again the powerful life force of heka or magical words Afraid that Set might kill her son in the womb or in infancy, Isis hid in the papyrus marshes of the Nile Delta. 

 Which they haven't ), Bracknell, Hull, Murton' (wherever that may be- but not Amsterdam?)- and the following statement: "London and Amsterdam are market leaders in retail shopping centres and mixed use developments. Our success is based upon always achieving the very best possible results. We work with leading consultants including firms of architects, engineers and planners, all expert in their own field. The combination of our joint experience means we can deliver our vision through the efficient management of the development process, to breathe life into great ideas" About as meaningless and generalised a pronouncement as one could get, it strikes us. 

 Back in Belfast, the Protestant paramilitaries used this document as the basis for their first political deliberations. Andy Tyrie, as commander of the UDA, was another of the key men at the centre of the stoppage. His plump unathletic appearance topped by glasses and a moustache disguised the ruthlessness and singlemindedness required to rise to the top of a large paramilitary organisation like the UDA, whose membership at the time was estimated at about 6,000. When Tyrie took over the position he reorganised by centralising control to a much greater degree and imposing tighter discipline. When he had accomplished this, he investigated the possibility of breathing new life into LAW because this organisation was effectively an arm of the UDA. 

 Aside from the campaign, there are loads of challenges to unlock and try to set high scores in - in fact this game reminds me a lot of the classic Goldeneye; you'll definitely find yourself going back to old missions and finding speedier routes to complete the mission in a set amount of time (which gives you yet another reward), using a certain amount of hotswaps (another reward), dying as little as you can (yep, another), and exceeding the accuracy standard (you guessed it!) If you enjoy the campaign - and if you are a fan of the FPS shooter genre - then I don't see how you could appreciate the genuine replay value; there's just so much to unlock and achieve, including a high rank similar to the one that you can achieve online. Battlefield 2: Modern Combat is simply a phenomenal experience, online and off, that should be played by any FPS fan, or just action game fans in general. If you're bored of the genre then this is the game you've been waiting for, as it breathes new life into FPS games and bodes very well for the future on Xbox 360. 

 The second thing people are crying out for in Britain is political representatives who are of the movement and who seek to crack the neo-liberal consensus of the main parties. I've just been part of an immensely successful speaking tour organised by the Respect party. We held some of the biggest political meetings for many years in towns, cities and at union conferences. At each there was tremendous enthusiasm for what Respect has to say. The rallies helped breathe life into dozens of local campaigns and the G8 mobilisation. 

 The pressure group Living Streets (see page 5) researched the needs of older and disabled Londoners and found that more than half of survey respondents walk to the post office. Doubtless a similar survey in Birmingham would find the same thing. But there is another argument too; these are facilities owned by the public, they are important, and they must stay. In the case of Cheapside, the proposal is to close the branch and promote the one at 174 Stratford Road (Sparkbrook) or the branch at Gooch Street. This is hardly a good start to plans to breathe life back into the streets of Cheapside. 

 I knew Chris was a good singer, although I knew I was as good as he was, and like I hoped that would be enough of an acceptance for anyone who came to see us, plus people who came to see the band, all they want is to hear songs as they recognise them. Some say they don't miss Chris, others enjoyed Chris because he played guitar and I don't. Nobody's said it's terrible get someone else! That's the way Earth Band are progressing now. Andy I missed out the bit you have been warmly accepted by even the most die-hard Earth Band fan, people believe you've breathed new life into the old songs. 

 These common elements include not only many substantive issues but also an underlying philosophy that emphasises holistic and collaborative approaches rather than a narrow and alienating professionalism. The mushrooming interest in 'health for all' strategies offers an important opportunity to advance this agenda locally, nationally and internationally. Such developments present dangers and opportunities. At worst, established public health interests will merely adopt a new language while in practice offering no real accommodation to the agendas and organisational forms pioneered outside conventional political structures. Equally, environmentalists keen to emphasise the new and unique quality of their agenda risk overlooking some important continuities with the public health tradition, thereby ignoring the very real strengths of that tradition and the potential for breathing new life into some of its institutional bases, such as local government. 

 --instill life-- 

 M increases the length of his expeditions as he becomes more attuned to his surroundings and the habits of his quarry, patiently awaiting a sign that will confirm the tiger's existence. It is not long before the hunt becomes a full-blown obsession. Quite unexpectedly, M, a man "anchored by neither wife nor home, nor by a lover nor even a single friend," becomes attached to the children during those intervals he spends at the house preparing for his next excursion. At first distant but then more at ease with himself and his hosts, M gradually relinquishes those defenses that make him an expert hunter. His presence instills a new life into the bluestone house. 

 Mornings are devoted to seminars and the afternoons to project work, drawing/painting classes, habitat observations, and field trips. The course will be carried by Institute staff, Craig Holdrege and Henrike Holdrege, and guest teachers. Who is the course for? For people who are deeply interested in nature and motivated to develop a new scientific practice. For example: science teachers, farmers and undergraduate or graduate students looking to instill new life into their discipline and who have the keen desire to learn a rigorous holistic methodology will profit from this course. 

 This is probably not a name a lot of people will be familiar with, and I certainly was not when I first came across this album. First a few background details; as far as I can tell, the band are of French origin, though from what I can gather they are a collection of musicians from other bands, which I must confess I have not previously heard of - Kad and Tayfa. Interestingly, the lyrics are sung in the rather obscure French Breton dialect. This album is a concept, telling the story of a female stonecutter called Enora - who is able to instill life into the stone she uses to build cathedrals - and her journey to the city of Ys. 

 Cetnar got loose on the Raider's end of the court, finding his shooting form and launched five three pointers in the space of just a few minutes, causing Plymouth to not only catch up from 29 - 37 lead the Crusaders had, but to continue on a scoring spree while Crusaders remained silent, to lead 43 - 38. The Bupa Crusaders had a 7 1/2 minute spell where all they scored were three free throws, while the Raiders relentlessly continued their plunder. Player / coach Dip Donaldson, who was making a rare appearance in Crusader kit, contributed four points during his on court appearance, but was then involved in a pushing incident which saw him being ejected from the game. This unprecedented occurrence by Donaldson seemed to instill some life into his teammates, and by the end of the third quarter Crusaders were still in the contest, only trailing by 3 at the interval. 

 On the right, Smith's feint had failed. It seemed that the battle might be lost, especially as the fighting was so intense and the casualties were so high. Both of the officers, who were carrying the Colours of the 31st, had been killed and at the crucial moment of defeat, Sergeant Bernard McCabe picked up the Regimental Colour. Under intense fire, he climbed to the highest point of the enemy earthworks and planted the Colour for all to see. This instilled new life into the troops and helped aid the eventual British victory. 

 In their eagerness to drink deep of the fountains of pleasure they did not mind ruining themselves in the theatres and gay quarters. Artists also tried to seek the beauties of art in men. This was palpably wrong. Art that lost Mother Earth to follow frivolity must be considered as a deplorable art, for artifice, however elaborate the painting, is not comparable to the beauties of Nature. It was Ichiryusai Hiroshige who discovered the "lost earth'' in the midst of this general decadence of art and instilled a new life into art. 

 It, the hand, verifies and locates. It is the point of immediate contact between the artist and the world, the source of the physical, and hence of the individually made object. But the hand is not the dumb instrument of the brain anymore than the soul, is the motor of the body. The two are not joined as two separate entities, but in an 'informed union', in scholastic terms a substantial union, real, whole, complete. This union is in some sense analogous to the artist's relation with his work, where the hand informs matter, instills life, not as, a framed idea, but in union with the material. 

 Designs tended to be symmetrical and much use was made of enclosing medallions. Animals and 'birds and even floral motifs were frequently presented 'heraldically', that is in pairs, either confronted or back to back. Some motifs, such as the Tree of Life, have an ancient history in the Near East; others, like the dragon and winged horse, reveal the constant love affair of Asiatic art with the mythical. Sassanian art was carried over an immense territory stretching from the Far East to the shores of the Atlantic and played a foremost role in the formation of both European and Asiatic medieval art. Islamic art however, was the true heir to Sassanian art, whose concepts it was to assimilate while, at the same time instilling fresh life and renewed vigor into it. 

 The problem is that Kylie, no matter how short the mini-skirt, will never be anything other than wholesome. She sings about sex with all the passion of a particularly prudish kindergarden teacher, and the songs, written predominantly by Stock, Waterman and Minogue herself, are just dull in spite of 'provocative' titles like 'Right Here, Right Now' and 'I Guess I Like It Like That'. The whole PWL format has long since lost any spark of life and songs like 'Too Much Of A Good Thing' and 'Finer Feelings' are simply uninspiring, totally predictable and tedious. The ballads are run-of-the-mill efforts, completely devoid of emotional depth.None of this criticism is aimed directly at Kylie, who does, in all fairness, endeavour to instill some life into a bunch of staid, production-line work outs that could never be anything more than pointless. 

 His haversack had not been taken from him. In it besides his razor and knife were odds and ends of equipment and a small quantity of dried meat. He tossed a small strip of the latter to the starving Galu. An-Tak seized upon it and devoured it ravenously. It instilled new life in the man. 