--break agreement-- 

 Summarizing the foregoing points the Reich Government wish therefore to make the following declaration: Contrary to all engagements which they have undertaken in absolute contradiction to their solemn declarations, the Soviet Government have turned against Germany. They have: 1. Not only continued but, even since the outbreak of war, intensified subversive activities against Germany and Europe; they have 2. In continually increasing measure, developed their foreign policy in a tendency hostile to Germany; and they have 3. Massed their entire forces on the German frontier ready for action. The Soviet Government have thus violated treaties and broken their agreements with Germany. 

 It is inevitable that that (most of this) seed comes from US registered varieties, and that within a year or two, philanthropy will be replaced by the collection of seed royalties. In addition, Order 81 allows plant breeders to claim ownership of old varieties (and to call them "new" varieties) if they are the first to describe or characterize them. They can then also claim ownership of related crops that are "not clearly distinguishable from the protected varieties". The control of all protected varieties will last 20 years for field crops and 25 years for trees and vines. Farmers who save seed or otherwise break their agreements, and farmers unlucky enough to find the adventitious presence of "registered varieties" in their fields, can be prosecuted; or else their harvests, tools and buildings will (may) be destroyed. 

 This agreement, signed by Barak and Palestinian Chairman Yasser Arafat in October but never implemented, contains a number of measures aimed at reducing the violence and enabling the resumption of negotiations. Sharon, however, rejected this idea. Other participants in the meeting noted that the agreement speaks about renewing negotiations on a final-status accord, whereas Sharon believes any talks that take place should focus on a series of long-term interim agreements. Sharon stressed that he considers himself obligated only to signed agreements that the Palestinians have fulfilled, and certainly not to unsigned understandings that were never implemented. But Arafat, he added, has broken every one of his agreements with Israel, in all of which he pledged to refrain from violence and to combat terrorism. 

 During the conflict French and American prisoners were detained in what now is Dartmoor Prison. Some of the officers were allowed out on parole to live in the border towns or villages. One of the conditions of parole was that the men were not allowed to venture past stipulated distances from their lodgings. In some places these were specific parole stones and in others local landmarks such as The Watching Place. This may have marked the limit for any parolees living in Moretonhampstead and it was here that local bounty hunters would wait and watch because if any prisoner broke his agreement he was to be arrested and taken back in return for a reward. 

 And you will see in some of the papers this morning the reports of the possible findings of enriched uranium in Iran at the moment. Now this is really dangerous. If states such as this acquire a nuclear weapons capability, that is a huge threat to the region they are in and to the wider world. In respect of North Korea, at the present time they are not co-operating at all. They broke the agreements that they had with the United States of America, they are adopting a very aggressive rhetoric at any rate in relation to South Korea and the region, and it is extremely important we deal with it. 

 And then what will you do to protect your honor? The Lord said to Joshua, "Get up! Why are you lying on the ground like this? Israel has sinned! They have broken the agreement with me that I ordered them to keep. 

 The upcoming agreement -- called a "memorandum of understanding" -- helped derail a tougher discharge ban proposed by Democratic lawmakers earlier this year after the Norwegian Sun dumped 40 tons of human waste into the Strait of Juan de Fuca in May. Cruise lines opposed the bill, and Ecology officials said it might disrupt a process that would provide protections this year. Critics, however, denounced the agreement as toothless. It's "worse than nothing because it provides a false sense of protection," said Fred Felleman of Ocean Advocates in Seattle. The fact that there is no consequence to breaking this agreement makes it meaningless. 

 As she moved further away, it meant expensive air fares and long unaccompanied flights for a young girl. I never once, in all this time, missed an access visit and each January planned 12 months ahead for these times. The arrangements worked well, most of the time, and father and daughter remained close although he moved into a new relationship and had another child. When his daughter started high school, the visits from Lismore stopped as her mother felt them too disruptive to her education, and contact broke down. But when he told the Child Support Agency about the breach in custody arrangements he was told to see a lawyer, although it was the former partner who was breaking the agreement. 

 "We will be forced to talk with other responsible people or forced to stop recognising them as government. They don't deserve such recognition. The Islamists have declared holy war against Ethiopia for bringing its soldiers into Somalia, while Addis Ababa says the Islamists are led by terrorists. Adan has always had good relations with the Islamists and some of their businessmen backers, which has often put him at odds with President Abdullahi Yusuf and Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi, who are closely allied to Addis Ababa. Both the Islamists and government have accused each other of breaking agreements not to make military moves, made in earlier rounds of Arab League-led talks in the Sudanese capital. 

 Chris admires Clarrie's new ring ( the one supposedly bought in 'Aladdin's cave' to replace the missing wedding ring) According to Chris, Peggy saw a brooch in the same shop that is identical to one she lost years ago - what a coincidence! An angry Lucas confronts Kate with a plane ticket she's bought - return date - 3 months from now. He asks for an explanation - she wants to keep her options open. He points out that Kate is not the only one who loves Phoebe, neither is she the only one with rights. Worse still, she broke their agreement and deliberately misled Roy, her parents ... and has lied to him. 

 --end agreement-- 

 The use of computers and e-mails in relation to all dealings with the source should be avoided as their secrets are easily yielded. Every effort should be made to disguise the style of style of language and syntax the source uses to make it impossible to secure identification through voice pattern and text analysis. Confidential sources should certainly be informed if they are being recorded; it is obvious that such recordings could incriminate the source in the future. The nature of the contract of confidentiality should be made clear. Dishonesty and misrepresentation on the part of the source will end the agreement. 

 If you give us conflicting instructions, we will not have to act on them. Where instructions can be given to us by either of you, you will be bound by the instruction given by the other joint Account holder. 25.3 If there is a disagreement between both of you as to the running of the Account, we may need to freeze your Account or resort to joint authorisation for each instruction on your Account. 25.4 If either of you give notice to end this Agreement, we will close your Account in accordance with the instructions received. If we give notice to end this agreement we will transfer your investments into your joint names, unless otherwise instructed. 

 A large number of Chinese are getting into a relationship that they call "living apart together" (LAT) - living the life of a married couple with prior agreement to separate if one partner so desires and to control their sexual behaviour. Han Lin, a married woman, had a "sex agreement" with her husband prior to their marriage when both were cohabiting. The pact says neither of them is obliged to have sex with the other and if one of them refuses, the other would not force the issue. Both are free to have new partners and if either has had sex with a new partner and is willing to live with that person, the two would stop cohabiting. Our marriage has not ended this agreement," said Han, adding that quite a few couples, married and unmarried, have signed similar agreements. 

 Oil is Venezuela's largest export and the US buys about 1.5m barrels a day, making it the fourth-largest supplier of American oil. This is Mr Chavez's second noisy diplomatic spat in as many months. A war of words broke out earlier this year between Colombia and Venezuela, after the abduction of a leading member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Farc, in Caracas. Mr Chavez said Colombia had violated Venezuela's sovereignty, while Colombia's right-wing government accused Mr Chavez of harbouring members of the Marxist organisation. Mr Chavez threatened to end all bilateral agreements until the issue was finally resolved. 

 If you own your own equipment you will not pay rent for it. We review our charges once a year. If we need to increase the charges we will give you a month’s notice in writing. What happens if I change my mind? If you change your mind about using the alarm call service, you can end your agreement by giving one month's notice. 

 This agreement will be cancelled under this Clause when we receive notice of cancellation from You . There will be no charge for such cancellation. If You do not cancel this agreement, then, subject to these Terms and Conditions , You will be entitled to use the Telephone Banking Service and/or the Internet BankingService and will be bound by these Terms and Conditions . Termination You may end the agreement between Us and You in respect of: the Telephone Banking Service and the Internet Banking Service ; or the Internet Banking Service; or the Telephone Banking Service (if You are not also at that time registered for the Internet Banking Service at any time by giving written notice to Us in accordance with the terms of Clause 38. We may end the agreement between Us and You in respect of the Telephone Banking Service and/or the Internet Banking Service at any time by giving You at least 30 days notice. 

 You must pay for all transactions made by any additional cardholder. This applies even if the additional cardholder makes you break this agreement. We may give any additional cardholder information about your account. You may only cancel any additional card by cutting it in half and, if we ask you to, by returning it to us. We may end this agreement by giving you written notice. 

 Sometimes we may be unable to do what we have agreed because of something beyond our reasonable control. This could include very severe weather. In these cases, we do not accept responsibility for what has happened. Other than for serious misuse described in paragraph 24, we will normally give you an opportunity to put matters right within a reasonable time if you break this agreement. However, if you do not do so, we may suspend the service or end the agreement. 

 If a private landlord wants to end a tenancy on the date the agreement expires, they must usually serve a Notice conforming to special rules. If you receive a Notice of seeking possession, you should consult an experienced adviser without delay, for example, at a Citizens Advice Bureau. To search for details of your nearest CAB, including those that can give advice by email, click on nearest CAB . Tenancy ended by tenant You generally have to give the same amount of notice as your landlord to end the tenancy agreement. If you want to end a fixed term agreement before it is due to expire, you can only do so with the permission of your landlord or if there is a term in the agreement that allows for this. 

 Each side has sent out photographers to take pictures of potholes and uneven pavements allegedly the fault of the other side. And now lawyers are being called in. At the heart of the row is road repair work and minor improvements in the borough. The borough undertakes the work on behalf of the county as an agent. The county council wants to end the agreement, saying the borough is not doing a good enough job. 