--buy story-- 

 We think this is because it was so..." "Pickled? "...open. His forehead turned green. We pulled you here, and we thought if we repaired you, you would be grateful enough that you would want to help us. You see, someone has stolen one of our Transworld Portals. We need you to recover it. That last part did it. How could this weirdo think I'd buy a story like that? 

 Dean Malenko did the same thing to me in WCW, and I actually tore my abdominal muscle. My leg snapped apart like a wishbone from the same move being done wrong, again. If you watch how I did it, I always used to pick guys up and set them where their leg was on the top rope, and I would set them down - that's the right way to do it! Brian Elliott: In his book, Ric Flair claims that he had to drop the WWE title to you, as he was injured. Were you shocked to find out that you were winning the belt? Bret Hart: Yeah, but I don't buy the story that Flair was injured, only because it never surfaced anywhere else, and it would have been easy to say that at the time. 

 Christopher Hitchens, Tuesday, May 4, 2004 . It's all there, Powell the phoney, the misguided, even the morally blind, and then the misdirection with the implication that Chalabi is "smeared and jeered" whatever he does, because his critics can't lay a finger on him. We may have bought the idea that Chalabi would be a puppet and I've yet to be convinced that Rumsfeld, Cheney, and Bush will tolerate an independent-minded democracy; exactly the reason they raided his home yesterday. Chalabi told the newspaper that he believed the raid took place because he had been outspoken recently, and the Americans do not like it when a person speaks his mind. Juan Cole . But I think the White House bought the story that Chalabi was, at least, like-minded on important issues, and biddable elsewhere. 

 The loyal readers of this column may recall the case of Mark "William Tell" Telford, a local man who shot two ponies with an SAS-style crossbow after a heavy drinking session with a mate at a deserted mine shaft. This week, the "sick and twisted monster" has been gaoled for 24 months. It transpires that not only did he shoot the ponies (who are still traumatised by the incident) for target practice, but he has even shot at a child! It is a funny kind of legal system where one can escape prosecution for coming within an inch of killing, or at least severely wounding, a human. At the same time, if you have the temerity to attack a couple of nags, you might as well kiss goodbye to liberty for the foreseeable future. To be honest, if the jury bought the story that the defendant was a mere mental delusionist who believed he was the physical reincarnation of William Tell, then one further loses faith in the jury system. 

 I am disappointed that we could not achieve more with the material we had to work with, but I think we did make a good start. In response to a question about UFO investigations of today, Chop believes "the news media has come a long way in their treatment of UFO reports. Unfortunately, the government policy has not changed noticeably...it still exudes an air of disinterest in the subject...it is downplayed as being of no particular importance. It is regrettable that our government officials cannot be more candid about their activities in this respect. Seemingly, Chop doesn't buy the story that the government stopped investigating UFOs when Project Bluebook closed: "Our military forces and national security agencies have the continuing responsibility of investigating everything and anything that might prove a 'possible' threat to our country. 

 It appears that it was simply Jello and the band were pulling in different directions. It's a shame that the split has been so acrimonious. A reunion does not appear to be on the cards at all. This is an intriguing development. Like the vast majority of DK's fans, I bought the story that they'd split because of the legal nightmare over the Giger poster. 

 Perhaps it would be sufficient for him to see just Sir Robert Cecil? It was now perhaps suggested by Cecil, privately, that Marlowe might like to bring their mutual friend and former colleague, Thomas Walsingham, along next time, and at t hat meeting - joined by Lord Burghley - they must have discussed the possibility of a faked death. The names of the Cecils' man Poley, Walsingham's man Frizer, and his sidekick Skeres were mentioned. Using Skeres would also be a good means of ensuring that his 'master', the Earl of Essex, bought the story. 

 Following our debate in Westminster Hall in July, the hon. Member for Reigate (Mr. Blunt) put it to the Prime Minister that he should raise the issue of Chechnya during the state visit. All of us welcome that he said that he would do so in robust terms. However, it appeared to me that he sought to justify some of the actions as part of the broader international war on terror. Although I accept that there is an element of that, I hope that the Government have not bought that story wholesale, and will still put the case against Russian activity in Chechnya in the most robust way. 

 We are not 100% sure if he was a tyrant technically, perhaps he was a chief or governor which may have got him off the hook. He is acquitted. The most likely explanation is because of his story about trying to trick the Persians in Scythia. It is possible that this story is not true, as who could have witnessed the events of the Scythian campaign in Athens apart from Miltiades? So the Athenians buy the story and later elect his a general the next year in 491, so something has swayed popular opinion in favour of him. 

 As I was trying to explain a delicate detail to her, Barney suddenly came blaring through the ear piece. What?! Lady Banker and I cried in unison. It took me a moment, but it slowly dawned on me that the living room had fallen to the enemy. Please excuse me a moment. I think this is the work of foreign cannibals breaking through the basement foundation again. I didn't know if Lady Banker would buy my story, but I figured it would buy me some time while she considered it. 

 [EXTRA OPTION] Member for Reigate (Mr. Blunt) put it to the Prime Minister that he should raise the issue of Chechnya during the state visit. All of us welcome that he said that he would do so in robust terms. However, it appeared to me that he sought to justify some of the actions as part of the broader international war on terror. Although I accept that there is an element of that, I hope that the Government have not bought that story wholesale, and will still put the case against Russian activity in Chechnya in the most robust way. 

 --believe story-- 

 With your great wealth I will have very suitable dowry. Do you know any person of the blood royal? Mercenary bitch! Two thousand a month in a crummy town in the Himalayas would probably put them in the millionaire class. Even if he sold the business he still wouldn't have enough to pay that much for very long. He couldn't ask Judith for help, either. She wouldn't believe his story about the black box. 

 Nowt else to do, is there? He kept talking about her, which surprised me. His shoulders were hunched, he was kind of whispering, he didn't look up when he spoke, not that he ever did much, mind. She were right cut up when I told her. "I'll bet. It seemed like Perce really believed his story. 

 Simon built your existence on borrowed time. "Simon? "Of course, he was Mr. Tangent to you, the purveyor of alien knowledge. But you should know that we were all born human. "All? Hubert's voice was now little more than a whisper. The Uncertains, Mr. Granice. But you may acknowledge us as your new gods. "And you expect people to believe this story? 

 Can you help her? Please! Poor Nelley & Shelley have been jilted!! We thought they were going to a new home but the booking was cancelled! It is such a pity as they are desperate for some TLC. They have had such a rough time - it is their 3rd stay with us and not throough any fault of their own! Originally brought in as strays - although we did not believe the story, they were then homed to a blind lady but her guide dog kept eating their food so they had to come back!! 

 Tories will not name key backers Confused by the latest spat over cash forpeerages? Amazed by the duplicity of our leading politicians? Or just bored by another dreary day in our increasingly dreary national life? The current spat over cash for peerages sadly confirms everyone's most cynical feelings about politics and politicians. If you believe the story, as told, that New Labour have been playing the old game of political favours for money, then you are probably also thinking back to the cash in brown envelopes that helped to bring abou the fall of John Major's government. 

 Above bishops they have "Cenones" (probably not koinonoi , but a Phrygian word) and patriarchs above these at Pepuza. They close the door of the Church to almost every sin. They say that God , not being able to save the world by Moses and the Prophets, took flesh of the Virgin Mary, and in Christ, His Son, preached and died for us. And because He could not accomplish the salvation of the world by this second method, the Holy Spirit descended upon Montanus, Prisca, and Maximilla, giving them the plenitude which St. Paul had not ( 1 Corinthians 13:9 ). St. Jerome refuses to believe the story of the blood of a baby; but his account is already exaggerated beyond what the Montanists would have admitted that they held. 

 Lilian is at a loose end, with Jennifer away in South Africa and Scott in town, so she plagues Jill with her company. However, Jill has got some baking to get on with and smoking in her kitchen is strictly taboo. Lilian is not impressed with Christine and George's plans for the police house: it will still be a dump when they have finished it. She is in full flow about the holiday in London which Scott is planning for them both in three weeks time, when Jill suddenly remembers Joe's Jottings on the radio. Lilian is not impressed with that either and does not believe the story Joe tells. 

 If a friend (let's call her Jane) tells you an urban legend, chances are she will say it happened to a friend of somebody she knows. You trust Jane to tell you the truth, and you know she trusts the person who told her the story. It seems pretty close to second-hand information, so you treat it as such. Why would Jane lie? Of course, Jane isn't really lying, and her friend wasn't lying to her -- both of them believe the story. 

 He further reminded editors "just as it remains... their responsibility to comply... it is equally their responsibility to know what orders [he had] made in relation to this trial" (Ibid). Even earlier on the 23rd August 2002 the media's frenzied reportage was the subject of a note of guidance to editors. In light of the torrent of publicity that has continued to be published since Carr and Huntley were arrested and charged, the Attorney General feels bound to remind editors that criminal proceedings... are active... and to remind them of their obligations not to create a substantial risk of serious prejudice to the course of justice. And yet, in November of 2002 Beacon FM's Mark Peters and Lisa Freame were able to call Huntley's defence; "Like the most unbelievably made-up story in the world ever...I can't believe any member of the jury is going to believe that story" 

 You can clearly hear many LARGE explosions in the minutes before the towers fell. Care to debunk that one for me? If you could also sum up Building 7 for me.... much appreciated. Looks like the final cut won't be ready until February now, but a re-cut with some of the minor errors taken out is on Google Video now. My issue is when you go from telling people that they are blindly believing the government story to blindly believing the alternative conspiracy theory. 