--cast doubt-- 

 The trouble is, say critics, it is often two steps forward and one step back -- the Spring elections being a case in point. Elections in May should have offered powerful evidence for the bedding down of democracy, with up to 25 million voting for new members of parliament. Sceptics predicted that the exercise of democracy would be undermined by repression and intimidation in some areas, but others pointed out that after so long as a one-party state, where government critics were killed in the "Red terror", it could only be a sign of progress that such elections took place at all. As a senior EU delegate put it in the run-up, "For people who have been here a long time, it's a miracle what is happening these days. Instead the election of prime minister Meles Zenawi only ended up casting doubt on the legitimacy of his government. 

 The bottom line on this is that the detail scans are far larger than life and for 98% of all scanning needs this scanner will produce excellent results. If I were to reproduce this scan as a 24" print you would be bowled over, its certainly a lot sharper image than you could achieve with an enlarger. You are quite right in saying "Don't get taken in", my loyalty has always been, and always will be, with the reader. I never led anyone up the garden path, nor would I want anyone to spend their hard earned cash on something they are not convinced with. I can see by the letters behind your name that you are a qualified photographer who obviously knows how to take a picture or two, I would not want to cast any doubts on your opinion, my findings on this scanner are as stated in the review. 

 In Tyldesley , the employers offered the comparator a higher rate of pay because they perceived him to be better qualified However, the position under Marshall, Tyldesley and Wallace may have been changed by a recent decision of the ECJ: Brunnhofer v Bank der Österreichischen Postsparkasse AG [2001] IRLR 571 . The Brunnhofer decision suggests that there may be a requirement for an employer to objectively justify a difference in pay even where no discrimination has been established. In Brunnhofer, the claimant and comparator were in the same job category under a collective agreement but the comparator received an individual supplement higher than the supplement received by the claimant. There was no evidence of what might be characterised as direct or indirect discrimination, yet the ECJ held that the employer must have objectively justified and proportionate reasons to explain the difference in pay between a woman and a man undertaking equal work. This appears to cast doubt on the approach of the House of Lords in Marshall. 

 In preparing its analyses and responding to questions, the centre should be required to draw exclusively on verifiable material in the public domain, to use a clear methodology, and to employ methods of citation and corroboration of sources consistent with the highest evidentiary standards (paragraph 116) . It would be desirable if in time an independent documentation centre could be managed on an EU, if not UNHCR, basis, which would ensure that decision taken throughout the EU were based on the same country information. Such an arrangement would also reduce duplication (paragraph 117) . Prompt removal or voluntary departure of failed asylum seekers is likely to be the most effective deterrent to further unfounded applications. Failing to remove unsuccessful asylum seekers casts doubt on the efficacy of the whole system and weakens public confidence in it (paragraph 118) . 

 No reporter contacted my brother and I before publishing their damaging words in a major newspaper read by more than 5 million. I received an email from a friend as far as Turkey. He said his mother read it from Idaho. With issues of African-Americans accounting for disproportional imprisonment, unfair sentencing and profiling, police brutality, lack of representation in broad media, and other issues, it should be expected that Seattle's mainstream media would have resisted any attempts to discredit our community and those who have served it well. But instead, working along with the FBI, the media has done the work of assassinating our character and cast doubt on our community and integrity. 

 Since the end of the Persian Gulf War in 1991, Iraq has provided Jordan with all the oil it needs, almost free. That dependence provides one explanation why, despite widespread distrust of Iraq among fellow Arab nations, the Gulf War coalition that reversed Iraq's invasion of Kuwait a decade ago appears unlikely to reassemble as part of President Bush's confrontation with the "axis of evil. "If they hit Iraq, it's like they are hitting us," said a Jordanian truck driver, Nasser Tarifi, who survives on the three to five tankers of oil he drives from Iraq into Jordan each month through this crossing 200 miles northeast of Amman. [.....] A U.S. attack on Iraq "should not be contemplated at all," Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah said recently, according to the official Saudi Press Agency. His remarks cast doubt on whether the United States would be able to use its Saudi-based warplanes and modern regional command center for any strike on Baghdad. 

 Subsection (3) exempts shares that are conditional only by virtue of a clause in the articles of association. It does so in the following terms: "This subsection applies in relation to a person if the articles of association of the company require him to offer the shares for sale or transfer them if he ceases to be an officer or employee of the company or of one or more group companies or of any group company. Previous Tax Bulletin Article 46 In April 2000 we published an article in Tax Bulletin 46 , Employee Share Plans: Conditional Shares, which sought to explain the interpretation of Sections 140A - H ICTA 1988. Part of that article explained how we strictly construed the term "articles of association" in S140C(3) and said that it did not extend to foreign company equivalents of UK "articles of association". Since we wrote that article we have received further legal advice that has cast doubt on our strict line. 

 Opportunists" are seen as relatively easy to deal with. All that is needed is to give them "the perception of a partial victory" so that it looks good on their CVs. Idealists" are harder. They want to change the world. So the tactic is to cast doubt on the ethics of their position. 

 What happened next is only debatable in scale. The Bosnian Muslim men and older boys were singled out and the elderly, women and children were moved out or pushed in the direction of Tuzla and safety. It's a distasteful point, but it has to be said that, if you're committing genocide, you don't let the women go since they are key to perpetuating the very group you are trying to eliminate. Many of the men and boys were executed and buried in mass graves. Evidence given at The Hague war crimes tribunal casts serious doubt on the figure of "up to" 8,000 Bosnian Muslims massacred. 

 On the other hand, requiring such deposits may limit competition if a number of businesses are being auctioned at the same time. The rules of the auction may provide that if a bidder defaults, it should lose the registration fee and the next highest bidder should have the right to obtain the business or asset at that price. These and other related rules and procedures should be announced before the auction is held. If the mechanism of the sale and the concluding documents do not comply with legal requirements, the sale itself might be considered invalid. This would also cast doubts on the ability of the auction sponsors to facilitate property transfers and would undermine investor confidence. 

 --cause doubt-- 

 Finally we all knew at the end of May, that we could actually spend our vacation together. The adventure starts Everything started on Sunday, June 25th -- naturally with a super-vacation grinning of two want-to-be-globetrotters. We were loading our bikes onto the train to Frankfurt, 10 and 13 kg of baggage, Gerhard of course also with his sound equipment and tools for the bikes. The little bike minicomputers started on the distance from the train station to Frankfurt airport to count our first 10 vacation kilometers. Of course this caused some doubts to the Lufthansa staff: Our unpacked bikes were a little problem for them. 

 What I mean by that is: If it's internal, I mean is it coming from your heart? Is it your intuition, your gut instinct telling you that he just isn't the one, because that can happen, even with the most wonderful men, the ones who are good and trustworthy who tick all the right boxes... sometimes as much as we want that to be true, if the spark doesn't last, it's unlikely that your marriage will. Could it just be the fact that you just don't have that spark anymore? You can will it back as much as you want, but maybe your body's telling you something? Could it be external influences that are causing your doubts? 

 With SP2 around the bend, Microsoft's seemingly unbreakable grip on the desktop begs the question of whether there's any threshold that, once crossed, could ignite an exodus from Windows. Although SP2 is being hailed as a major stake in the ground for Microsoft from a security perspective, Microsoft can still afford some post-SP2 transgressions without suffering any major setbacks. This could explain why the company is being so careful not to over-promise when it comes to SP2. Recall that prior to Windows XP shipping in October 2001, Microsoft was hailing the operating system as a significant step forward on the security front. Yet, the security patches, including one that plugged a serious Universal Plug and Play vulnerability, began flowing within weeks and caused doubts about whether Microsoft could rein in its security problems. 

 Everyone in the Department needs to contribute to handling complaints effectively; learning lessons from them and improving performance. Nipping complaints in the bud together with appropriate apologies will often be sufficient, but this guide describes when we should go further and offer some tangible redress. Over the years we have developed a scheme for financial redress and the Parliamentary Ombudsman and her predecessors have accepted its scope. This revised guide describes that scheme and supersedes the guidance issued in March 2001. It gives further amplification to some of the issues that have caused doubt in the past and should be used with immediate effect. 

 Given the existence of procedures for complaint and grievance during the study period, alleged inadequacy of supervisory or other arrangements during the period of study shall not constitute grounds for requesting a review of the examination decision. Possible grounds for appeal are: that there were circumstances affecting the candidate's performance in the oral examination of which the examiners were not aware at the time; and/or that there is evidence of procedural irregularity in the conduct of the examination (including administrative error) of such a nature as to cause doubt as to whether the result might have been different had there not been such irregularity; and/or that there is evidence of unfair or improper assessment on the part of one or more of the examiners. 

 They suggested that we ought to run a competition to cater for this group of people. Thus the Classic Event was conceived. The birth took a little while; a suitable venue had to be chosen, space found in the calendar and enough officials press-ganged to make it viable. The entry qualifications were modified to make it as easy as possible for people to enter; entries were taken on the day, for a modest increase in the already very low entry fee. No membership subscription was required and the sequence to be flown was carefully designed for very modest power and performance characteristics. A low number of pre-entries caused doubt in some people's minds about the potential success of the venture, but I was determined to press ahead anyway, mostly because everyone I had spoken to who was considering entering was so enthusiastic and positive about the concept. 

 Like in paragraph rules, long-short patterns are also effective in lines and stanzas. You may follow a long phrase with a fragment. Play with the dots. But use them reasonably. Punctuate to emphasize and to show. Ellipses, for example, can heighten and prolong emotions by giving the reader pause. It can cause doubts, reveal satisfaction, regret, doubt and confusion. 

 Access to information on the Internet The Internet has taken the power away from the TV producers to control access to information. For many years in the UK the BBC and ITV controlled the television mass media and were able to promote the acceptance of evolution unhindered with multi-million pound budgets full of beautiful scenery and animals, although overlaid with an evolutionary narrative. Creationists simply could not compete with such levels of spending and exposure, and those who supported special creation were sidelined. But it would seem that many people have not been taken in by the media brainwashing. The other main driver that is causing doubts over Darwinism is the rise of the Intelligent Design movement. 

 So you think this energy I give within you is inexhaustible?... You push it, you push it! You are not the dragon, you borrow my energy? Careful, Careful, you want to move this into the outer world? Take your empowerment and ?do?? !!! Have you really got it?... Does your new empowerment cause some doubts?... 

 Many knew, too, that the divisive system of junior and senior high schools was unusual in small Scottish towns, in most of which since the 1920s secondary education for all was given in the local high school. Plans were first prepared for a new junior high school on the Burgh School site and then for one on the Kilrymont site; but before work began on the new building a national change in educational policy took place. The practice of separating pupils at the end of their primary schooling into junior secondary and senior secondary schools had never been universally accepted. In St Andrews the example of the neighbouring towns, Anstruther and Cupar, where all pupils entered the high school at twelve was proof that an alternative system worked well and caused less distress to parents and children. However carefully pupils were assessed before the decision about their secondary school was taken mistakes were made; mistakes which were sometimes so remarkable that they caused doubts about the value of the whole system. 