--catch disease-- 

 Chekhov wrote in a letter to Suvorin, "Remember, that writers whom we call great or just good and who make us drunk have one common, very important feature: they are going somewhere and calling you with them, and you feel not with your mind, but your whole being, that they have a goal, like the ghost of Hamlet's father. He also said: "Writers must be as objective as a chemist." An X-Ray of Chekhov's lungs early in his life (had such a thing been available) would have should the shadowy traces of the "tubercules": latent walled-in lesions of the bacillus Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Chekhov probably caught the disease in childhood. 

 This was especially true on the occasions when Gogol's imagination ran away with him and he would suddenly change roles, often from week to week. As a young man in 1829 he published a long poem, Hans Kuchelgarten, to bad reviews. Mortified, he left St Petersburg for Germany, claiming in a letter to his mother that he was fleeing due to his unrequited love for a woman with 'a radiant face'. He drew a vivid picture of the suffering of a lover, which, however, he instantly forgot, and in his next letter told her that the main reason he had come to Germany was for his health. His mother not unnaturally concluded from these two strange missives that her son had caught a venereal disease. 

 Kidneys can come from people who die as a result of accidents, from head injuries or from strokes, and who have expressed a wish to help someone after they die by donating their organs. The other source of kidneys is from a relative (e.g. a brother, sister or parent) or spouse (partner) who wants to donate a kidney and who has the right blood group and suitable kidney cell markers (the tissue type). Because of the shortage of suitable dead (cadaveric) donors we are performing more transplants from living donors than ever before. Can I catch anything from my transplant? All potential donors are carefully screened to make sure that you cannot catch potentially infectious diseases such as hepatitis or AIDS. 

 Second, even if it is still present after cooking, the virus is destroyed by saliva and by gastric acid, as well as the fact that there are very few receptors the virus needs to enter the body in the gut. European Food Safety Authority On 26 October 2005 the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) issued advice on the importance of thoroughly cooking poultry and eggs. This reiterates long-standing advice about cooking poultry and eggs thoroughly to kill bugs. EFSA, like the Agency, is not aware of any reports of people getting avian flu from eating poultry or eggs and recognises that the current risk is from people having contact with live birds that have the disease. For people, the risk of catching the disease comes from being in close contact with live poultry that have the disease, and not through eating poultry or eggs. 

 But what about baby? Is it safe to have animals near a newborn child? Canine psychologist Kathleen says the health risks are minimal. It should be fine as long as the dog has had its immunisations. We can't catch doggy diseases anyway. 

 It will likewise face the same challenge in the more populous Iran and if it tries to take on the emerging superpower of China the backlash might lead to full scale military activity. When the smaller poorer nations of the world cannot get their hands on the black stuff to help feed, clothe, transport and employ their own burgeoning populations are they going to wait for aid to come, wait for outside assistance and hope the price of crude falls once more, are they going to remain quiet and just on with things or are they going to fight their neighbours to seize whatever energy resources it can? Pestilence - We quite rightly place great pride in the advances in medical science in the past 50 years. The risk of catching a deadly disease in a dirty hospital aside, which is more a political issue than a health issue, in the UK we have greater longevity, are less likely to succumb to the diseases that plagued our grandparents and can rely on our medical services to rescue us, treat us and give us all the medicines money can buy to prolong our active lives. 

 The disease first struck last November. In March, Liu Jianlin, 64 year-old medical professor who was involved in treating patients, went from Guangdong to Hong Kong to attend a wedding. He was taken ill soon after arrival and admitted to hospital. He asked to be put into quarantine, but was ignored; nor did the hospital warn his contacts. As a result, nine guests in the hotel where he stayed caught the disease and carried it to Singapore, Canada, Vietnam and other hospitals in Hong Kong. 

 For example, a Listeria outbreak in New England was traced to coleslaw made from cabbage that had been fertilised with manure from a herd of sheep infected with the bacteria (33). A diet free of meat, fish, milk and eggs is by far the safest and one that I highly recommend. Why eating animals increases your chance of infection It makes sense that bugs in animals are much more likely to infect us than bugs found in plants. Animals are closer to us biologically than plants and so, for example, bacteria in a cow are more adapted to living in cells that are similar to human cells, than bacteria from a carrot. In fact, people catch many diseases from cattle including tuberculosis, Listeria, cryptospiridium, Salmonella, E coli poisoning and BSE. 

 Why are MAFF so concerned about Rabies? We all should be. Once you have caught rabies, probably from a bite or saliva from an animal incubating rabies, there is no cure. You die a horrible death. However, dogs and cats properly vaccinated and blood-tested should be immune from catching and passing on the disease. 

 I assume there is some untold story behind why this happened, and besides, the story might take off in future episodes, so final judgement is withheld. Alan DeNiro's A Keeper is the longest story in the issue. It also has the largest number of typos, but I have to forgive him (or the editor?) because it's such a corker of a tale. Enough material for a novella, maybe even a novel. What's it about? Well, a man catches a sexual disease and has to find the person who gave it to him. 

 --get disease-- 

 However, the bacteria reproduce to high numbers in warm, stagnant water such as that found in certain plumbing systems and hot water tanks, cooling towers and evaporative condensers of large air-conditioning systems, and whirlpool spas. Outbreaks of legionellosis have occurred after persons have breathed mists that come from a water source (e.g., air conditioning cooling towers, whirlpool spas, showers) contaminated with Legionella bacteria. Persons may be exposed to these mists in hotels, hospitals, or public places. Legionaires' is not passed from person to person, and there is no evidence of persons becoming infected from auto air conditioners or household window air-conditioning units. People of any age may get Legionnaires' disease, but the illness most often affects middle-aged and older persons, particularly those who smoke cigarettes or have chronic lung disease. 

 A story of poverty, disease, displacement, and a vast global population of rural and urban poor without access to life's basic needs. In this time of development 2.6 billion of the world's population have nowhere safe to go to the toilet and 1.1 billion still do not have safe water to drink. In this brave new world a child is dying every 15 seconds from easily preventable water-related diseases. This pond water is so dirty and we cannot do anything about it," says Zenebech Jemel from Ethiopia, who walks many hours each day to collect water. Because of the water we get different diseases. 

 This does not mean that you can only become alcohol dependent if it runs in the family, but if you have close relatives who were alcoholics then your chances of developing alcohol dependency are very much higher. There are many other substances that cause dependency - the most important is nicotine, this kills millions of people every year. Other substances that cause dependency are drugs like heroin or cocaine. Only about one third of people with alcohol dependency will develop liver disease - there is probably a separate set of genes that determines this. This is a really important piece of information, because every person with alcohol dependency will have had drinking partners who perhaps have drunk more for longer but may never get bad liver disease because they do not have the liver disease genes. 

 He had gone alone to his country-house on pressing business. For want, perhaps, of immediate help, he lay twenty-two hours stiff and stark as though he were dead. A very hot bath was all that saved him. "It must be a species of lockjaw," said one of the guests. I don't know," she answered. He got the disease in the army nearly thirty years ago. 

 Why is Saddam Hussein pushing ahead with weapons of mass destruction if at some point he is not going to use them? It's certainly got to be a factor in all of this. Unlike anthrax, the bacteria used in last year's unsolved mail attacks, the highly contagious smallpox virus can be passed from person to person. The virus causes ugly pustules to form both on the skin and inside the mouth and throat. About a third of unvaccinated people who get the disease would die. 

 Can my family benefit from Usdaw's Legal Service? Do I have the right to representation at a disciplinary hearing? If I am prosecuted in the course of my work, am I covered by the Legal Service? If I am the victim of a criminal assault, am I covered by the Legal Service? If I get a work related disease, am I covered by the Legal Service? 

 Chronic bronchitis is often made worse by bacterial or viral infections, which often affect the chest. It therefore tends to be worse in winter when viral infections such as colds and flu are more common. Emphysema Emphysema is another form of lung disease. Like chronic bronchitis, in most people it is caused by smoking, which damages the elastic supporting structure of the air sacs within your lungs. About two percent of people with emphysema lack a protein called alpha antitrypsin. The absence of this protein makes people more likely to get lung diseases since it helps protect the lungs from smoking. 

 An x-ray can also be helpful in showing calcification in the joint cartilage (this is obvious in most cases of pseudogout) or in the tendon (calcific tendinitis). Occasionally a repeat x-ray is taken a few weeks later and may show that the calcification in the cartilage or tendon has decreased. This is because the crystals have been shed and dispersed. Blood tests are often taken during the attack to assess the level of inflammation and to check that the problem is not caused by an infection. If you develop pseudogout and are younger than most people who get the disease (under 55), or if you have significant widespread chondrocalcinosis in many joints, other blood tests and x-rays may be taken to find out if there are any other problems that may have helped cause the crystal deposits. 

 Survival rates and life expectancy have greatly improved, and people with mild cases of diseases can often live near-normal lives for years. Scleroderma terrifies people, it's like finding out they have a type of cancer, and they often read a lot of inaccurate material about in on the internet, which we have to try and counter, and reassure them," says Professor Carol Black. The condition has a dreadful effect on people's social lives, on their marriages and families. Because of their appearance they feel they are a burden on their families, and women often feel it changes their femininity. Once you get this damned disease you never again look like you want to look like. 

 Meningitis is most commonly caused by a virus and in this case the disease is often mild and resolves without treatment. When meningitis is caused by the meningococcal bacterium, the disease can progress rapidly and requires urgent treatment. Bacterial meningitis is commonly caused by two strains of the meningococcal bacterium: type B and Type C. Vaccination against type C is available and you should be vaccinated. There is no vaccine against type B and so you can still get the disease even though you have been vaccinated against type C. 