--colour judgement-- 

 The anonymous Farther Excursions of the Observant Pedestrian , published in 1801, has an 'Introductory' which states 'without the incitement of a name, or patron to establish his celebrity', the earlier Observant Pedestrian (1795) enjoyed unexpected success. While a patron was not essential, it was clearly a well established feature of successful publication, and a guarantee that the author's name would appear, if so desired. In the preface to Falconbridge Abbey , Hanway remarks '[she] boldly ventured to launch my little skiff on the tremendous ocean of criticism [...] those sunken rocks, denominated the Reviewers!' Reviewers in journals such as the Critical Review were greatly feared, their word being relied on as a guide to suitable reading matter. Not putting a name to the work meant that one could hide gender, class and family associations which might colour a reviewer's judgement. 

 Not once, but twice! There’s a slight silver lining in the epilogue. Tim was still a contributor to the magazine and an article had been written and submitted. I was angry enough to contact the Director of the CTC, and once again the CTC acted honourably after the event, printing the article that now appears on the website. The article was very complimentary, which has always coloured my judgement when thinking back to this episode. 

 Admittedly some clients use a semi-scientific score sheet to awards marks out of 5 for things as diverse as "quality of people", "presentation techniques" or "sector experience". Are these the right criteria? And what deserves a 4 as opposed to a 3? All this achieves is some formality to a subjective judgement. And what's more, usually one or two of the judging panel have "previous" with some agencies and not others and that is bound to colour their judgement. 

 I resent these allegations, but I am saying no more now. It's time for the whole thing to simmer down. The papers inevitably focused on the less savoury side of the contest and there were calls for United to be thrown out of the competition and Charlton to face a lengthy ban, despite them being the wronged party for once. The Fairs Cup Committee, in a level headed moment of reason, decided to delay their response to the affair, choosing to meet the day after the decisive second leg. They made sure it was public knowledge that they would have observers present for the return in Valencia and that behaviour there would colour their final judgement. 

 It is largely being observed and there appears to be widespread support, even amongst smokers, for the ban. However, some pub owners have reported a drop in sales but how long this drop in sales will last is anyone's guess. The decision therefore to bring in a partial ban in England has drawn different responses. Many agree with such restrictions; the evidence about the effects of passive smoking on those who have to work in smoke filled environments is fairly conclusive - it is not good for you! But the fears that business will be affected are colouring the judgements of some. 

 Notebooks out plagiarists. He's faster than most and he lives on the coast. Eater were great, TV Smith was great, Don Letts was great, (Do you see where I am going) and all the talkpunkers there were also great. I guess that adds up to a pretty good night. Maybe the feel-good factor of hanging with the TP incrowd coloured your judgement. 

 I was appointed in August 1966, and unless one of us finds a better way of passing the time we'll probably both be in full time employment till the year 2007. I, my husband and young daughter have planned a spur-of-the-moment visit to Paris (going tomorrow for 3 nights). Have been re-reading the instalments of your planned Paris itinerary for Stuart and Joan Riley with great interest. Devastated to learn that we'll miss your final tips. I suspect that having a toddler on tow (literally) may colour our judgement on what makes suitable visiting, but many thanks for all the suggestions. 

 In the afternoon I had another session and suddenly found the insight I was looking for. As a child I had been extremely frightened on at least one occasion by an individual close to me. I can only have been around five or six years old. As I look back as an adult the situation I recalled was not so terrible but of course to a small child it was petrifying and had caused me to stay locked in that fear, colouring my adult judgement on relationships. 

 You might also be asked to provide a creative solution to a problem. In demanding that both sides of your brain are activated, you could confuse yourself and forget something - to a colleague's distress. They may feel their needs have become unimportant. The past could keep coming back to you - pleasantly. You could then entertain someone with stories from that time - the only 'danger' is that you could colour someone's judgement. 

 Of course, in one sense I was wrong - it would be hard to visit Auschwitz and learn nothing. It provides a sense of place. The familiar black and white pictures acquire a greater sense of depth. Finding new perspectives from which to appreciate accounts of the camps helps stop discussion becoming banal, challenging you not to take knowledge for granted, and to come closer to history. Probably my ambivalence about spending my holiday in a concentration camp had coloured my judgement. 

 --affect judgement-- 

 Moreover, it provides prudent, conservative and profitable betting advice. It has a discipline which no person can match. It has no worries or fears about certain aspects of a horse's form. It looks at each area calmly and dispassionately before reaching its conclusions. The fact that it may be on a winning roll or indeed on a losing streak (yes these do happen!) will not affect its judgement one iota. 

 Yet Nintendo have fashioned an exquisitely simple yet challenging title, which will keep those who fall for its charms plenty occupied for a good while, Wario Ware Twisted! And so the fourth iteration of the Wario Ware series rolls off the production line, less than two years after the sublime original found its way into the grubby mitts of gamers worldwide. Another Code Wednesday, 28 September 2005 It's sometimes quite difficult to mark games. That's part of the reason we at Press Start came up with the idea of two ratings: one for the more objective side of the reviewer, and one for the reviewer's personal 'leaning'. At times however, one side begins to exert influence over the other, and affect the reviewer's judgement. 

 I've been head-composing a post about Ruth Kelly for a while, but Butterflies and Wheels puts it far better than anything I came up with: It's a bit like belonging to a Nazi party, or the KKK, or the God Hates Fags gang, and then trying to claim not only that of course one's belonging to that organization doesn't in the least mean one can't "speak up" for the rights of Jews or blacks or gays, why on earth would it, but also that even asking the question is absurd and outrageous and indignation-worthy. It's a bit like that, but to many observers it doesn't look like that, because we've been so relentlessly trained to think of religious beliefs and teachings as in some profound way entirely different from political beliefs. But why would they be? Because it's taboo to challenge them, that's why - and that's a terrible reason. If someone said "I personally want to let children set fire to their teachers, but I won't let that affect my judgement in parliament. 

 FISA advises special safety precautions e.g. the use of a Personal Flotation Device (PFD) when the water temperature is 10°C or less. How should I prepare myself physically and mentally to survive ? Don't boat when you are not 100%. You are probably already aware that rowing when you are ill, fatigued, or affected by alcohol or recreational drugs means you will not perform well. It also means that you are more likely to get into trouble, and will be less able to cope with it when it happens. For example alcohol adversely affects judgement, ability to make decisions, speed of reaction, physical capabilities, concentration and awareness of surroundings. 

 High-pressure sales techniques have been used to persuade tourists to sign up and pay a large deposit - some presentations have lasted up to 5 hours. What you can do about it Presentations If you are not interested in buying don't be tempted by a prize or free gift into going to a presentation. If you find you have been tricked into going to one walk out. Do not take credit cards, a chequebook or much money with you. Be careful about accepting drinks which could affect your judgement. 

 Risks : The most common risks are risk nausea, vomiting and blackouts. However solvent abuse killed 64 people in 2000, a quarter of whom were under 18. It can be hard to get the amount right, with a little too much sometimes resulting in coma. Squirting gas products down the throat can make your throat swell so you can't breathe and drastically slow down your heart rate. Sniffing can seriously affect your judgement so you may try something reckless. 

 Most journalists rely heavily on 'official' sources. This explains the sometimes striking similarity of coverage. Stories from 'official' sources will, of course, be eminently acceptable. Moreover, as a former Mirror employee writes, 'In a situation like Northern Ireland our people would have to keep in close touch with the Army Press Office. It would be more or less part of their job to get to know the army press officer as well as possible and that in itself would affect their judgement a bit. 

 But his effort was cancelled out in the second by a battling Grays display and a fine equaliser from Wes Daly on 81 minutes. Canvey looked sharp from the off, and Jeff Minton could have scored in the first few minutes if not for an excellent save by Mel Capleton. But Grays came back into the game and showed good pressure including efforts from Freddie Eastwood and Danny Hayzelden. On 24 minutes, referee Mr Cairns was forced into a change of strip, donning a Canvey keeper's jersey in order to distinguish himself from Blues' dark away kit. Many Blues supporters believed this was affecting his judgement as a string of decisions went against Grays. 

 Hi guys, I was just enjoying the lovely Smokehead whisky http://www.smokehead.co.uk , here in Zanzibar. Of course, the debate between me and a fellow whisky connoiseur was which of the Islay distilleries it came from. Our Muslim companion could not help us too much. Our first choice was Lagavulin, although Caol Ila came a close second. Though it could have been the seaweed and the salt air on the beach at sunset that affected our judgement. 

 Evangeline reportedly forecast the death of Rudolph Valentino in 1926. Because of her medical astrology background and her many references to clients' health and deaths, it seems obvious that Adams had techniques which helped her analyze these affairs. Dr. Luke Broughton, another homeopath, included some of Cardan's and Culpeper's aphorisms on decumbitures in his comprehensive text, Elements of Astrology which would have been available to Adams. At least one of her teachers had studied directly With Broughton, so we may conclude that Evangeline had familiarity with decumbiture charts and that she used them in her own practice. Let's look then, at the considerations that would have been affecting her judgement in the high-profile cases of Jefferson, Caruso and Valentino. 