--colour harmonise-- 

 Even the most imaginative layout will still blend sympathetically with planting, be full of detailed interest, and remain part of a beautiful garden for many years. Pebble, Ammonite and Drystone textures of Concept Paving in Amber colour, combined with Riven texture in Shadow colour. Although the textures of Concept Paving display a wealth of attractive detail, they are also practical. They have been specifically sculpted to provide a surprisingly level overall surface that is not uncomfortable to walk on; Pebble, Drystone and Riven textures are suitable for most garden furniture. Both Amber and Shadow colours harmonise with almost any garden, and with each other. 

 So using soft, even lighting that brightens up any corners and dispels shadows maintains a sense of spaciousness. Ceiling lights make your ceiling seem lower and intense localised lights reduce the sense of space. Furnishings Furnishing also works with colour and lighting. Because they are large items, your curtains, carpets, sofas and chairs have an impact on the style and feel of your room. To maintain the affect of spaciousness, choose light colours that harmonize with your chosen wall and ceiling colours. 

 Moon and Spencer's Model P. Moon and D. E. Spencer proposed a quantitative model of colour harmony, using predictors "colour interval" (i.e. colour difference), area factor and an aesthetic measure (Moon and Spencer, 1944a-1944c). Their work has attracted considerable attention, although the model was found to have poor predictive performance (Pope, 1944; Granger, 1953, 1955a-b; Sivik and Hård, 1994). Nevertheless, Moon and Spencer's effort was still important in the research of colour harmony. Granger (1955c) wrote, "in spite of the disappointing results obtained with the existing form of Moon and Spencer's aesthetic measure, the general quantitative approach which they adopt is to be welcomed in a field which for so long has been characterised by unchecked qualitative speculation. Moon and Spencer believed that colours should harmonise when the colour difference between each component colour is unambiguous. 

 However, his definition of "colour strength", the product of Munsell Value and Munsell Chroma, does not seem to be strictly true. For instance, when colours are presented on a white background, dark colours would appear to have more "strength" than light colours, providing that they are both at the same chroma level. This disagrees with the above equation, which indicates that dark colours always have less "strength" than bright colours. A different definition of "colour strength" was proposed by Moon and Spencer that "colour strength" was determined by the scalar moment of the colour in question about an adaptation point in a uniform colour space. Similar to Ostwald's ring star , Munsell's practical principles of colour harmony are based on the idea that colours can harmonise only when they are located on a specific path in his colour space. 

 The drawing room leads into the light and airy conservatory, making the perfect room to relax in, on a cool summers evening. The lavish master bedroom benefits from ample storage space with two double wardrobes and en suite shower room for added convenience. The guest suite boasts a relaxing suite shower room with bedroom three also benefiting from access to the en suite. Two further good-sized bedrooms on this floor are all served by the main family bathroom. The bathrooms and en suite facilities are designed with calmness and solitude in mind, with cool colours harmonising with the crisp white sanitaryware and chrome fittings, stylish heated towel rail and thermostatic shower. 

 Yellow should be yellow and not a muddy, brownish yellow left over from yesterday's paint. When a child approaches the easel they should find it set up as if at the beginning of the day, even if they're visiting at the end of the day. So you need to consider how you maintain and staff the easel throughout the day. For variety, try offering a choice of shades, for example, a light and dark green. Consider how your colours harmonize. 

 For best effect, use two or three colours to contrast with background. Dulux Rhapsody spattered with Brilliant White and Painted Lady matt emulsions. SPONGING. Very easy technique, which gives soft, dappled effect. You'll need a natural sea sponge, with well spaced irregular holes, and a paint roller tray. Choose colours which harmonise or contrast with base coat. 

 Pastel colours are gentle and romantic, helping to restrain exuberant reds and yellows from overwhelming the senses. Save intensely blue, purple and crimson flowers for dramatic flourishes within a paler context, otherwise they will lose their impact and seem too heavy or lifeless. Set in front of a light background, these more dominating colours are not only vibrant, but suggest space and distance behind. Harmony and contrast. Planning colour schemes involves choosing and balancing colours which will contrast or harmonise in a pleasing way. 

 Or do these boundaries actually create a more freeing opportunity to create a cohesive and functioning wardrobe with less colours? This is the topic of discussion for Jill Chivers of Shop Your Wardrobe and me in this video. Should You Limit Your Palette of Colours? This is an interesting topic. I do believe in limiting ourselves to a rainbow of colours in a palette that suits us as I notice just how much when I see people wearing the colours that harmonise and flatter them how much more vibrant, efficient, alive and effective they look vs, when I see people wearing colours that are unflattering to their complexion, I feel nauseated (truly I do, I feel it in my stomach). 

 Large scarf shawls of plain cashemire in blue, green, or grey, trimmed with a deep fringe, surmounted by a very broad velvet, with two or three rows of narrow on each side, either black or of the same color as the shawl, but of a much deeper shade, completes this toilette. As it is often cold at the sea-side, the mantelet scarfs are slightly wadded. At the hour of promenade, the sea-side nearly resembles the grand walk of the Tuilleries, ladies and children displaying all the richness and grace of the Parisienne toilette. Robes of chine, pekin pompadour, taffetas d'ltalie, grenadine, or barege, have flounces printed in designs of wreaths of roses, honeysuckle, lilac - indeed all kinds of graceful flowers, whose colours harmonise so well on grounds of grey, white, or sea-green. 

 --colour match-- 

 If the damage is all the way through to the underlying metalwork (and usually all the time) it is better to strip off all the paint and start again to avoid the risk of it all falling off prematurely. On steel Remove all the paint using nitromors, any which cannot be removed using this should be removed using a rotary wire brush on a drill. On softer metals (gunmetal, brass, aluminium etc.) Use nitromors, then carefully work at the rest of the paint to avoid damaging the underlying metal. Thoroughly clean the surface (e.g. with cellulose thinners) Apply an appropriate primer (if not explicitly told not to in the instructions for the top coat eg. Hammerite paints) Rub down lightly (making sure not to go back to metal) Apply an undercoat, rub back until smooth (if a smooth surface cannot be achieved apply additional coats of undercaot until it can) Rub back and apply either a topcoat or a topcoat/undercoat mix depending upon how well the colours match. 

 One of each of the discs is turned over so that the colours are not visible. The discs are thoroughly shuffled by the audience, so that no-one could possibly know which disc matches the face-up discs. You now explain the gamble: The audience win if they choose a disc which DOES NOT match up with the face-up colour. With the odds very much in their favour, you place each disc, colour side down, on top of the face-up colours, as directed by the audience. You then turn over each of the three top discs to reveal that all colours match - YOU have won the gamble! 

 The job came through an interior design company and the client wanted sliding panels rather than blinds or curtains for their windows overlooking the American Embassy. They also wanted something large scale, floral but almost abstract. I used my computer to help with the design work by scanning in a smaller flower painting I had done and then enlarging parts of it to produce a design to fit the panels. The two centre panels had to butt together when the panels were closed and the design had to meet up exactly. Painting them was a challenge because I don't have a large studio - I had to move quickly from one room to another to paint the pieces at the same time so that the colours matched perfectly. 

 The deep chancel arch has small apsidal chapels to the north and south (see the exterior pictures above). Beyond is the newer part, which from the nave seems to merge much better with the old. The nave is wide and has transverse arches and all the fittings are in keeping. Step through the chancel arch and you are in a different world. Thanks to the careful choice of colours that match the older nave, the two parts do come together as one in some ways, although not in styles. 

 Keep the long unbroken roof profile that characterises many farm buildings. Roof structures should not be drastically altered to create extra headroom, nor should rooflights be added without careful consideration. Adding a number of rooflights can seriously undermine the original simplicity of form so fundamental to these buildings. Retain outbuildings such as cart-sheds for ancillary uses such as storage and space for vehicles. External paint colours need to be carefully chosen. Garish colours and white should be avoided in preference to colours such as dark grey/red, grey green or colours that match existing stonework. 

 See the detailed version for more information. Ask me for a quote for smaller tasks such as upgrading or copy-editing an existing page. Do you need a better photo of your shop-front? Do your screen images need sharpening? Does your page show seams where you thought the colours should match? 

 It soon became apparent that Evans had tapped into a huge public appetite for nostalgia on the web. His site, remembertheeighties.com, specialises in following the careers of Eighties stars ranging 'from Bucks Fizz to Megadeath' who are still performing today, giving fans the chance to catch their latest concert or album. It now claims to be the world's most popular 'Eighties news resource' with more than one million hits per month, and distributes a newsletter to 18,000 people every week. The much chronicled revival of the decade's fashions and culture is reflected in a survey by remembertheeighties.com which asked 5,000 members what summed it up for them. The list of 40 was headed by the Rubik's Cube, the fiendish puzzle which challenged its owner to twist and turn blocks until the colours matched (or cheat by peeling off the stickers). 

 Brush Parameters are mentioned in several places below; they are set on the dialog that appears when you press 'B'. The shape of the Brush is a square of from 1 to 51 Pixels, the centre of which is at the tip of the Mouse pointer. Brush Size is the number of pixels from the centre to the middle of any edge: a value of 0 gives a 1 Pixel brush, 1 gives a 3 pixel square brush, 2 gives a 5 Pixel Brush, etc. The Brush Delta is a measure of how closely a Pixel's colour should match that of the Pixel under the Mouse Pointer before it is used. Note that it is quite possible to Paint etc. on both sides of a narrow feature if they are within the width of the brush and the colours match closely enough. 

 I'm printing on epson glossy paper using the XRITE-Profiles. I also tried , semigloss papers and original epson profiles shipped with the printer. The orange / yellow cast remains. If i understand you right, then the calibration of a newer monitor should deliver a profile which has more or less the gammut of sRGB? This is an interesting topic. Do you have a proposition how accurate colors should match under this point of view? 

 Carat yellow gold is more wear resistant than a similar 18 carat gold ring. Red gold wears more rapidly, as does 9ct white gold. Silver is quite soft and wears rapidly. If an 18 carat (yellow) gold engagement ring is worn with an 18 carat (yellow) gold wedding ring, it will wear at about the same rate as if worn with a 9 carat (yellow) gold wedding ring but, it is usually better to have the two rings of the same gold because the colours will match better. 