--disown past-- 

 The landed gentry planted for their grandchildren avenues of hardwood that they themselves would never see. In the nineteenth century this leisurely view of the pageant of time began to speed up. People became more mobile, both physically and socially; men wished to rise in the world. Young men with feet on the ladder, provided by the Industrial Revolution, looked askance at the old-fashioned ways of their fathers. Growing more acquisitive in the present, they prepared to disown the past; the future was to be different, both for themselves and their children, and they had to run to catch up with it. 

 It is as a native that he accepts the River God, and it is the subjection of Man that gives to Man his dignity. For without some kind of God, Man is not even very interesting. So accustomed to using Conrad's eyes, Eliot is able to see through Twain's the native emotion of his own nativity and childhood in the nursery bedroom, seeing that childhood in terms of a fundamental primitivism from which his religious consciousness has grown. Here again, anthropology and romanticism have coalesced. The experience represented by river and sea is the experience of tradition's endurance, and a tradition, even in its full development, has no truck with 'superficial notions of evolution [as] a means of disowning the past'. 

 In 1981 the big modernist dance hit was a propulsive piece of punk funk called 'Life In Reverse' by a Belgian outfit called Marine. It was issued by Brussels-based boutique imprint Crepuscule, came housed in a gorgeous cover, and remains one of the greatest pop singles ever. A long time ago I urged James Nice, the driving force behind the LTM salvage service, to reissue what remains of Marine's recordings. He suggested that as keen as he would be it was nevertheless unlikely because Marine mainman Marc Desmare had long since disowned his astonishing past. 

 The Foreign Secretary also took the opportunity to emphasise that the British government will continue with its interference and intervention in Africa, as the new scramble for the resources of that continent intensifies amongst the monopolies. In his speech he stressed that both military intervention and economic interference and domination, through so-called "development assistance", are at the centre of the government's policy towards African countries. Intervention on behalf of the monopolies will continue to be carried out for alleged humanitarian reasons or for "democratic reform" and so-called "peacekeeping". In this regard it is clear that the government has clear aims to develop its own proxy states in Africa to carry out such intervention. The British government, far from disowning its colonialist past and disbanding the Commonwealth, is also strengthening these links in the interests of finance capital vis a vis the monopolies of other big powers. 

 Just when you least expect it, she throws a surprise into the mix, like the old school friend who manages to make a life for herself and still stay true to her roots. Bang. It hits Undine and it hits the audience. The richness of the script is a treat. Following a slight misdemeanour, Undine is put in a holding cell with a woman who, when hit upon by an unwanted man, “introduced him to a feminist movement with the back of my mother****ing hand!” The play is alive with such lines. The real triumph of the piece is that even though Undine has disowned her family and her past, we still want her to find happiness by the end. 

 There is no end of it, the voiceless wailing, no end to the withering of withered flowers, to the movement of pain that is painless and motionless, to the drift of the sea and the drifting wreckage, the bone's prayer to Death its God. Only the hardly, barely prayable Prayer of the one Annunciation. It seems, as one becomes older, that the past has another pattern, and ceases to be a mere sequence– or even development: the latter a partial fallacy encouraged by superficial notions of evolution, which becomes, in the popular mind, a means of disowning the past. 

 Where the institutionalising level is a pedagogic activity, then the strength of institutionalisation will be strong and texts at the lower level of analysis will be incorporated into a formal or strongly classified pedagogic regime. High discursive saturation practices may be described as discourse , and low discursive saturation practices as competence-oriented skills . Where the institutionalising level is an exchange activity, then the strength of institutionalisation will be weak and texts at the lower level of analysis will be incorporated into an informal or weakly classified pedagogic regime. High discursive saturation practices may be described as ideolect , and low discursive saturation practices as performance-oriented skills . Please mail questions or responses or relevant urls to me and I'll post them. Laureate's Block and Other Poems Penguin, [...] as readily as anyone else, can tend in old age to disown their own pasts. 

 If Mr. Trump is not careful, they could end up delivering a similar verdict on a larger stage next November. On Wednesday, foreign policy analyst Max Boot, whose work I generally admire, penned a truly awful piece for Foreign Policy magazine. The piece had nothing to do with foreign policy, which was part of the problem – Boot's analysis of domestic policy simply isn't up to the same standard as his books, virtually all of which are worth a read. More than that, the piece was an evidence-free piece of fluff guaranteed to make members of the political Left feel warm and fuzzy without providing any support to Boot's main contention: that America is still dominated by white privilege. Boot begins by disowning his past as a typical conservative making light of identity politics constructs like "white male privilege". 

 Deep below the multiple layers of bitchiness, it is possible to pick out a substantive battle over the future of American novel. The line followed by Updike, Mailer and Irving is that there is a qualitative leap from journalism to literature which Wolfe has tried but failed to complete. Updike puts the argument most clearly in his New Yorker deconstruction of A Man in Full: "So much local information, so many well-lighted settings, so much news do not quite knit into a novel powered by the human spirit as it gropes and struggles for focus. Wolfe has perhaps too many opinions for a novelist: his characters have a hard time breaking out of the illustrative mold in which they are cast." Wolfe does not disown his past as a hack. 

 Aren't we all fortunate to be born into an extended ethnicity/gender/sexuality diversity spectrum [5-7], although the unclear minority/majority living at extremes is yet to realize and understand the unexposed majority/minority living around dead center? Aren't we essentially overlooking societies' whydunits during our restrictive inquisition of individuals' whydunits? Who can question the time that keeps refining or even redefining societies' whydunits so as to override individuals' whydunits while individuals remain bound to their current actions despite being oblivious to their own limited understanding of whydunit? Summarily, the core question named "whydunit" may never get answered completely. However, disowning the past may not be the path to success because our past shaped our present just like our present is shaping our future. 

 --reject past-- 

 I've been doing reggae shows for many years focusing on dancehall, albeit mostly the conscious variety. But please don't put me in the bag of those who think that nothing good has happened since Marley died. I listen to the whole of the culture, and value its evolution. Any culture rejects the past? Maybe. The Rastas certainlyl re-invented the past, but they didn't reject it. I thought I was rejecting the past when I left my parents church, but I've been able to embrace it through Jamaican music. 

 He was for ever conscious not only of the community around him, but of the whole humanity and even of generations to come. He changed the world around him beyond recognition. He had no hesitation in accepting or devising a new solution if it promised a more competent resolution of society's problems, be it in the field of logistics, or reorganisation of human relationships, or medicine, or dress. In his times numerous changes in every aspect of society came about, but with a difference. He did not reject the past as mere error. 

 Far removed from 'everyone join in clappiness' of some gospel recordings, Dion 's songs are characterised by often stark honesty. He explains and thanks, rather than preaching, about his experiences. He's The One, Center Of My Life and The Truth Will Set You Free from INSIDE JOB all set out his stall effectively whilst retaining his cool rock edge with sparse but sharp instrumentation. The fuller sounding ONLY JESUS continues the themes, but with the emphasis firmly on Dion 's view of Jesus rather more than his own failings. With these gospel recordings, Dion did not reject his past, but instead utilised aspects of it to tell the story of his personal salvation. 

 She said that produces a very "dangerous people" and that is why these connections are kept invisible. Inez McCormack went on to talk about the union contingent she had come with from Ireland; men and women of Republican and Loyalist backgrounds who have fought together against the evils of Thatcherism and who campaigned for the yes referendum in the north of Ireland. She spoke about the Good Friday Agreement and the efforts of these community activists in both communities who contact each other to alert each other when trouble is breaking out. She said that ten years ago many people regarded this as too dangerous, too determined, too irrelevant, too idealistic just to battle for a different type of vision. She concluded by saying that to those "dangerous people" and you "dangerous people", it is not about rejecting the past but about bringing the best of the past into the future and taking forward these values of social solidarity and an understanding in the words of Larkin and Connolly: "An insult to one is an insult to all". 

 But this refers to real failures and losses, not imaginary ones. God has given us our families and our upbringings. He has given me my particularly strict evangelical upbringing which I am very grateful for now, although I have found myself elbowing out of it all the time. He has given us our Western power in the same way, to be used as part of our stewardship, to be sat light to and not to be clung to, but to be seen in context, not to be totally rejected. It is quite wrong to reject our past. 

 Such performances are described by that orchestra in the record booklet as bringing ‘the new forms of expression of the 21st century to bear on them [the symphonies]’ – by which they actually mean many of the insights of the early music movement for so long rejected out of hand by the Vienna Philharmonic. The tradition is being gradually modified and re-invented. Now, as we know in all our own fields, when there are huge challenges to an accepted tradition you can do several things. You can put your head in the sand and pretend it’s not happening. You can joyfully reject the past, and rejoice in discontinuity, as the modernists did. 

 Because it is a history of the Labour Party, Fielding's book only touches on these bitter years. Yet there is enough here to give a taste of the mood. It also demonstrates why a generation of activists, faced with the disaster of Labour in office and the erosion of shop floor confidence turned their energies towards shifting the Labour Party leftwards. Fielding's collection charts both their failure to do that and the whole process through which the right wing took control of the party, culminating in Tony Blair's launch of New Labour. Blair's landslide victory of 1997 had a similarity with that of 1945 in that people were rejecting the past. 

 In recent months miners and other workers have blocked railway lines, bringing essential freight to a halt for weeks. There has been a sustained level of guerrilla strike action and the ruling class's greatest fear is still that the crisis will ignite a 'social explosion'. Workers have so far been resistant to organised reaction. None of the fascist parties nor the deeply reactionary Communist Party, led by Genadii Zyuganov, have a solid base amongst workers-yet. The problem, however, is that while the majority have rejected the past and have long lost any illusions they may have once had in the market, they see no alternative to put in its place. 

 Edinburgh is, indeed, the remarkable result of the interaction of dramatic geography and history, high artistic, cultural and intellectual aspirations and well-directed economic endeavour. In the 16th Century the High Street was regarded as a 'grande place' of Europe. However, by the 18th Century "Auld Reekie" was bursting at the seams, without public buildings worthy of its status and ambition. Nevertheless, rather than obliterating the rich and complex tapestry of the Old Town, a New Town was built across the Nor' Loch. What we might call today "a new sustainable community". It didn't seek to reinvent the wheel nor reject the past, but sought instead to complement it. 

 "Sacred polyphony," the Holy Father said Saturday after a concert held in his honor by the Domenico Bartolucci Foundation, "especially the so-called 'Roman school,' is a legacy that must be carefully conserved, maintained alive and made known. It will be of "benefit not only to scholars and enthusiasts, but to the ecclesial community as a whole, for which it represents an inestimable spiritual, artistic and cultural heritage," the Pope said, after the concert in the Sistine Chapel. An authentic updating of sacred music cannot occur except in line with the great tradition of the past, of Gregorian Chant, and of sacred polyphony," the Pontiff added. This is why," Benedict XVI said, "in the musical field, as well as in that of other artistic forms, the ecclesial community has always promoted and supported those who investigate new expressive ways without rejecting the past, the history of the human spirit, which is also the history of its dialogue with God. 