--distinction blur-- 

 One preliminary thought on Kireji in a English verse: When you write a starting verse (hokku) of renku in Japanese, you are encouraged to use a kireji, a cutting word, to make this specially important verse be substantial and independent. This does not mean all hokku have to have a cutting word such as -ya, -kana, or -keri. But some understanding on the concept of kireji might be helpful for renkujin. To make a long history short, if I dare, the starting verse of renku (called hokku or tateku or standing verse) left the renku world and became a haiku and the the following verses of renku called hiraku or horizontal verses are said to be the origin of senryu. During the course of time this distinction blurs and a few renkujin here start to talk about welcoming the two successful sons who left the house 100 years ago and who now seem to feel the urge to write both tateku and hiraku back to this rather low-keyed parent's home. 

 Subdivisions of the "China factor" in EU policy include various interpretations of the "one China" policy, Beijing's changing attitudes toward Taiwan and concern over Beijing's possible reactions to overtures to Taiwan. EU and member state policies are drafted and implemented in the shadow of this factor. It conditions absolutely the ground rules for any European Taiwan policy and any potential for expanded relations between Taiwan and the European Union. The union and its member states officially consider Taiwan an economic entity, with which they are allowed to develop economic but not political relations. In practice, however, political and economic issues are so closely intertwined that the distinction has blurred. 

 What gave people courage to lie when the Gestapo came knocking at the door asking if there were any Jews ("No, we haven't seen any.) even though they were now in the attic or under the floor boards? Sometimes it is necessary to bear false witness to save our neighbour. But these men were not Rahab's neighbours: they were outsiders to her. She was an outsider to them. Yet on the rooftop of her house the distinctions blurred. 

 I also look forward to seeing and determining the pros and cons of this endeavor. Are you in favor of creating more Next Gen Classrooms? If so, how should the district demonstrate they are worth the investment? If not, why not? Yes. I truly believe that distinction is beginning to blur between all classrooms. 

 Most would agree that medical science lacks the explanatory power of the physical sciences, but its grounding in robust bodies of life and health science research suggests something more systematic than praxis. As an alternative, medical science and medical practice can be regarded as distinct, as the goal of practice is to improve health while scientific study aims to achieve theoretical understanding. The insurgence of evidence-based methods to medical research over the past two decades, however, has challenged the framing of the goals of medical science. With its focus on outcomes research, clinical research has been largely redirected towards practical end of improving human health. Philosophy of medicine is typically distinguished from biomedical ethics, although the distinction frequently blurs since it is often normative issues that motivate investigation into more theoretical questions. 

 In 2011, online publishing and book-selling giant Amazon introduced the Kindle Fire, an e-reader with a touchscreen capable of vivid colors and high resolution, the computing power to perform many of a tablet PC's functions, and a similarly long battery life [source: Amazon.com]. At $199, the device was significantly more affordable than the iPad, which starts at $499, and its ilk. Amazon rival Barnes & Noble quickly followed with its own similarly versatile, comparatively priced e-reader, the Nook Tablet [source: Barnes & Noble]. But now, even though you may only need one device, the question remains: Which should you buy -- a tablet or an e-reader? Though the distinctions have blurred, and you can pretty much access the same content on both, some key differences remain. 

 He acts with charismatic authority. Charismatic authorities are always a bother to established authorities, as we have seen, but they appear from time to time. Like John, Jesus acted with authority, claiming God's authority. Only at a functional level could one say, representing God. But then such distinctions blur when we contemplate that it is not as though God was somewhere else. 

 It is mandatory for the students in the MYP to work on a personal project (for students in MYP year 5) and a community project (for students in MYP years 3 or 4). The third aspect focuses on the widely distributed balanced curriculum. The subject learning is divided into eight major categories being – language and literature, language acquisition, individuals and societies, sciences, mathematics, arts, physical and health education, and design. In some of the subject groups, discrete or integrated disciplines may be taught and assessed. The distinction between subject groups blurs to indicate the interdisciplinary nature of the MYP. 

 Regardless of a company's organizational structure, multiple tension points are likely to arise that must be addressed: Inventory needs to be managed, presented, and delivered in a channel-agnostic manner despite varying offline and online strategies for different brands and product lines. Ideally, online and in-store operations will have their own respective approaches to pricing, given differences in the cost to serve each channel, but near-total price transparency means that consumers will be quick to pick up on pricing disparities. Budgeting processes have traditionally divided funds by channel (trade, marketing, e-commerce) based on prior-year numbers, but as the purchasing pathway fragments, the distinctions between channels blur and become harder to define and measure. 

 It can be numbers or letters and words on a piece of paper. It can be bits and bytes that are stored in electronic memory (working memory or stored to disk), in an electronic system, or it can be individual facts and memories that are stored in a person's brain. In a computing context is the binary, machine-readable information that is stored and read. While there are often distinctions made between plain text ASCII files and what are considered data files, both are stored as binary bits and bytes at the machine level, and are therefore both within the realm of what we are discussing. These distinctions blur even further when database management systems and their files enter the equation and the amount of information and data that must be maintained with integrity expands. 

 --distinction disappear-- 

 And the natural and spiritual are likewise one. The inner circles are called the natural, the outer the spiritual. And we call them spiritual simply because they are beyond us or beyond a part of us. What we have correspondence with, that we call natural; what we have little or no correspondence with, that we call spiritual. But when the appropriate corresponding organism appears, the organism, that is, which can freely communicate with these outer circles, the distinction necessarily disappears. 

 Britain's insistence that high commissioners did not represent 'foreign' states and should therefore be treated differently from ambassadors lingered on. Thus, the flags on their official cars were distinct from those of the diplomatic corps. Despite the objections raised in 1948, Britain regarded ambassadors and high commissioners as separate, but equal, groups and 'interleaved' them at functions where both were represented. She also put much effort into protecting the distinctive office of high commissioner during the negotiation of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations which, as a result of a Ghanaian proposal, protects the office by referring to ambassadors <91>and other heads of mission of equivalent rank'. However, during the next decade many of the distinctions disappeared in London. 

 The Revenue seems minded to maintain the status quo to avoid requiring plan managers to change their software unnecessarily. A poll of opinion amongst PIMA member firms had led to a response from some 60 member firms of whom about 53% would favour a change (for PEPs) to the flat-rate 20% deduction. This however, did not represent an overwhelming majority in favour of change and, in view of the requirement to make software changes should the 20% be adopted for PEPs, it is not anticipated that the Inland Revenue will change the status quo on this point. Many members had asked questions about the removal of the distinction between General and Single Company PEPs. Once the proposed changes are implemented (assumed 6 April 2001) the distinction will disappear and all PEPs will become simply PEPs, operating on one common set of rules as has already been outlined. 

 In terms of tangible user interfaces, similar analyses have been carried out concerning the mapping between (i) the form of physical controls and their effects and (ii) the meaning of representations and the objects to which they refer. We outline these analyses below. In this section we consider the extension of Hutchins et al's analysis of direct manipulation to the design of tangible user interfaces. As argued earlier, in traditional humancomputer interfaces (ie graphical user interfaces or GUIs), a distinction is typically made between input and output. For example, the mouse is an input device and the screen is the output device. In tangible user interfaces this distinction disappears, in two senses: 1 In tangible interfaces the device that controls the effects that the user wants to achieve may be at one and the same time both input and output. 

 Come election time, the absence of voters sporting rosettes, the declining number of voluntary poster sites, the absence of tellers at polling stations, and a general lack of participation by voters at all levels contribute to an overall impression that political parties as we know them may be on their last legs. Philosophies are the engines of political parties. Without them the difference between parties becomes blurred. In the 1980's the political parties had distinct philosophies which drove distinct policy programmes. In the 1990's, these distinctions have all but disappeared; Thatcherism won, Socialism is dead and, despite the efforts of parties to highlight their differences, there is a convergence of views on many issues, underpinned by virtually identical economic policies. 

 Marx goes on to summarise the communist critique of the false bourgeois conceptions of freedom, individuality, culture, the family and education, attacking in particular the oppression of women within bourgeois society. After this, he outlines the nature of the proletarian revolution, "to raise the proletariat to the position of the ruling class, to win the battle of democracy", and identifies the resulting state with "the proletariat organised as the ruling class". The 10-point political programme for the first steps of the revolution with which this section ends, is interesting mainly for its surprisingly mild character. Clearly, Marx does not consider revolution as a sudden overnight transformation, resulting from some kind of coup d'État, however violent it might be. He refers to the situation following a prolonged historical transition, when in the course of development class distinctions have disappeared and all production has been concentrated in the hands of a vast association of the whole nation. 

 The texts copied in the Auchinleck MS give us a useful snapshot of the kind of language to be found in the London area in the generations before Chaucer. As might have been expected, the language of Sir Orfeo is slightly more old-fashioned than that found in the best Chaucerian MSS. Thus it will, for instance, be observed that there are two forms for SHE in the following passage, sche and hye. More subtly, analysis of the various occurrences of this pronoun in the MS indicates that sche is used when the pronoun is at the beginning of the clause containing it, whereas the older (and less distinctive) form hye occurs when the pronoun appears after the verb it governs, eg. Hir riche robe hye al torett ( she tore asunder her noble garment). This systematic distinction had disappeared by the time of the Ellesmere MS. Other points of linguistic interest include the use of French-derived vocabulary (eg. comessing BEGINNING). 

 A huge revolution was taking place during the nineteenth century. It is summed up in the way Hegel brought all philosophy down into history, and his successors began to describe a new and radical version of humanism. Human reason, human language, and, in short, all thinking is brought down into the unfolding temporal process. Philosophical attention becomes more and more concentrated on history and the here and now. The old timeless, invisible world disappears and the soul/body distinction disappears. 

 In China, SHP stations are defined as those with installed capacity up to 25 MW, though even 50 MW stations can also be recognized as SHP, since there is a special policy VAT rate of 6%. However, the prevailing global standard for classification as SHP is 10 MW. Though it is only a difference in definition, it reflects the trend towards bigger SHP stations in China. Accordingly, problems have arisen which are similar to those encountered in the large hydro power sector, including complex construction, long construction periods, serious impacts on the environment, difficulty in financing, and development beyond the local capacity to support SHP. This will lead to the distinction between SHP and LHP disappearing, and therefore, the disappearance of a sustainable energy source. 

 I shall simply set out the leading features, in the hope that for the most part I do not need to give more than the briefest biblical references. First, in the better world (of the Kingdom of Heaven, or the communist society), religion no longer exists as a separate institution and sphere of life because its task in that role has been completed. Instead, all of life becomes a sacred continuum . God is scattered into everyone, and politically, monarchy is replaced by democracy. All hierarchy and distinctions of social rank disappear, just as the distinction between the sacred and the profane disappears. 