--drown trouble-- 

 Don't be downhearted now we are so near! "I can't help it! replied West. I feel on thorns, and my state of anxiety will grow worse and worse till we get there. Hark at the firing! "I can hear," said Ingleborough coolly. Be very deaf if I couldn't! There, that's the last scrap of cake, so let's drown our troubles in sleep. 

 Brian left me at midday and my god it was boring. Did have a visit from a rather charming young lady which brightened up the day. And of course Neil is not there either, to busy trying to do a cat rebuild. Do you think they may have a virus or a worm. Right click them and select de-flea. Thought for today: Ive often wanted to drown my troubles, but I cant get my wife to go swimming. 

 Although it has come to epitomize the glamour and elegance of high society, with women in sleek glittering evening gowns and men in tux and tails, the tango originated in society's underbelly--the brothels of turn-of-the-century Argentina. As immigrants from Europe, Africa, and ports unknown streamed into the outskirts of Buenos Aires during the 1880's, many gravitated toward the port city's houses of ill repute. In these establishments, the portenos (as they were called) could drown their troubles in a few drinks and find some companionship. 

 We believe that the main concern of us all is to (1) prevent the daily rise in prices of all our food and clothes and other essentials (it is unbelievable but that the price you can get for a pound of cocoa can't buy a half-pound of fish) and (2) develop a concrete program for raising the standard of housing, living, education, health, food and recreation for all the people. The present situation we face is that we are forced to live in jammed-up, rundown, unpainted houses without toilet and bath, without running water, very poor roads, overcrowded schools where our children can't get a decent education, and without any proper bus service. There is almost no ambulance service in case of illness. We can't afford the cost of food to feed our children properly and this makes it easier for them to catch all kinds of illnesses. There are very few places near home for recreation. All we have is the rum shop to drown our troubles. 

 Loida said, on May 27th, 2006 at 5:12 am SPOILER ALERT!!! You probably shouldn't read this post if you are or plan on reading Inherit the Wind. I just finished reading Inherit the Wind (great book, you should read it some time) and I came here because one of the characters, Brady, died from his stomach bursting. That made me wince and wonder if that was even possible. It did say earlier that he was drowning out his troubles in food but he must've aten a whole lot in order for his stomach to burst. 

 The lecturer pounced on this bit of shredded evidence. After a few more questions the meeting broke up. There was a general handout of International Get-Acquainted Programme literature and the faithful and the cynics poured out into the murky darkness of the street. Our space brothers will not save us today. Perhaps tomorrow! We went and drowned our troubles in cups of British Railways tea. 

 It's filled with multicoloured cliffs, whitewashed buildings, dazzling panoramas and romantic sunsets. This economic powerhouse never sleeps nor do the people who come here to experience freedom and life. The day life in NYC is as interesting as the night. A walk in Central Park, a tour of the Empire State Building and a picture with the Statue of Liberty are some of the must-do touristy things in NYC. The irresistible clear blue lagoons, over-the-water resorts and delicious tropical cuisine beckon the famous people of the world to drown all their troubles at Bora Bora. 

 Meanwhile, Pryor has asked Webster to give him money to make a self-defending supercomputer in the desert. If it is attacked, it can learn how to repair itself and fight back. What does this have to do with anything? </s><s> Why, nothing, except we need a villain strong enough to be a challenge for Superman. But where is Superman? He's drowning his troubles in a bar, which creates a kind of funny sight. 

 Buy Membership for Basic Science Category to continue reading. Learn more here. "Chase Tyler has been the object of Marcie John's desire since grade school...when it came time to settle down, Chase chose another woman to be his bride. But things have a way of taking a tragic turn for the Tylers. In an instant, Chase's life is changed -- abruptly and irreparably. avaged by grief ...Chase abandons the family business, wanders aimlessly on the rodeo circuit and tries to drown his troubles in an endless succession of whiskey bottles. 

 I asked, as his rage subsided to mere rumbling in his throat. "Delirious"–shortly. "She's going to croak, Wardrop's going to Mexico, Schwartz will be next governor, and Miss Maitland's body will be found in a cistern. The whole thing has petered out. What's the use of finding the murderer if he's coated with asbestos and lined with money? Mike, I want some more tea to drown my troubles." 

 --forget trouble-- 

 When it comes to cussin don't swallow your tongue; use both barrels and air out your lungs. Don't get mad at somebody who knows more than you do. It ain't their fault. Talk low, talk slow, and don't say too much. Generally, you ain't learin' nothin' when your mouth is a-jawin'. If you want to forget all your troubles, take a little walk in brand-new pair of high-heeled ridin' boots. 

 The cold is perhaps beginning to tell upon me, and nature must have rest some time. Godalming insists that he shall keep the first watch. God bless him for all his goodness to poor dear Mina and me. 2 November, morning . It is broad daylight. That good fellow would not wake me. He says it would have been a sin to, for I slept peacefully and was forgetting my trouble. 

 Terry Savostanos has been drawing attention to his style of Dylan-esque 60's swamp blues, the line "I'm feeling groovy" in "Human Highway" containing an undercurrent of menace that made you suspect he was feeling anything but, especially when the vocal went from a light keening to a bullish rock roar. His second (untitled) was a moody cafe blues about his object of affection, I liked the line "A year is a long time/Just to be drinking wine", although I can imagine some other activities which may stretch time a little longer. Unrecorded to date, I can imagine there's a market just waiting for Terry's talent. Frank O'Brien was also new to the purple patch of song, but stepped up like he'd been born there. Time For The Good Times" has a wonderfully picked, very jazzy backing and his half-spoken Aussie-tinged vocal had the authority to make you believe his exhortion to forget your troubles. 

 She always got things done, just not as quickly as the others. You just have to work harder than the other children, honey, and don't give up," her mother would tell her. When the other children picked on her, like today, she would go home and sit under her favourite tree. She would tell Elm all about it and Elm would just sit there and comfort her with his large branches. It was so peaceful under the tree that she soon forgot her troubles. 

 1.Is it here? 2.Or is it over there? 3.Or right here in London? ANSWER: Absolutely correct!!! It is 2 and 3. Now listen to this: Pagode sample... Pagode - a definition: Pagode are popular party-style gatherings where the samba originated, and where the young and old hone their musical skills. The atmosphere is totally casual - often around a table. Musicians play and take turns, listeners join in singing, people dance, often without a break until dawn - forgetting troubles and celebrating life. 

 Now once again we have an annual fair, but it is rather different. The aim is to give visitors a good time, and to raise money for the church, but horses and caravans are not welcomed, and the villagers themselves now tend the stalls and provide the goods for sale. There are games for the young and the young-at-heart, fell races for all ages, and in the big marquee you can buy almost anything under the sun. Tea is provided, with cakes baked by all the ladies of the village. They would not dare claim that these can "cure all" their customers' ailments, for fear of the Trades Description Act, but the happiness of the occasion should at least help visitors to forget their troubles for a while. 

 In the course of his walk he met the Doctor who had prophesied his death. Dear me," said the latter, "how do you do? You are fresh from the other world, no doubt. Pray, how are our departed friends getting on there? "Most comfortably," replied the other, "for they have drunk the water of oblivion, and have forgotten all the troubles of life. 

 Relax Guest House, Edinburgh. We are five minutes from Princess Street and George Street where you can find some of the world's best shops, restaurants and bars. If you are lucky you might spot the odd celebrity such as Prince William, who is know to frequent Rick's bar and the Opal lounge. Whether you want to shop at the famous Harvey Nichols, or just forget the troubles of the day with a relaxing stroll around the Royal Botanical Garden, when you stay at the Relax Guest House it is all just a few moments away. 

 Now a former thought struck her--she would speak to Mrs. Hawkins. And naturally enough Mrs. Hawkins appeared on the stage at that moment. She said she knew all--she knew that Laura had discovered the secret that Mr. Hawkins, the elder children, Col. Sellers and herself had kept so long and so faithfully; and she cried and said that now that troubles had begun they would never end; her daughter's love would wean itself away from her and her heart would break. Her grief so wrought upon Laura that the girl almost forgot her own troubles for the moment in her compassion for her mother's distress. 

 Even Tom believed her to be naive and tactless, incapable of any sort of subterfuge. So she was content to bide her time, and as the weeks passed she saw a new side to the boy she had known from infancy. Business at the forge was bad; many folk took their custom elsewhere, encouraged by the action of Sir Charles, who now sent to Andover for a smith rather than trust his horses to a fifteen year-old apprentice. Tom received some orders for tools and repair work, but not enough. Jessica feared he might react as her brothers would have done in such circumstances, getting drunk and running up debts and rushing headlong into danger to forget his troubles. 