--example illustrate-- 

 When I first read Major Buckley's article on St Teilo's Well in Source 2, I confess to having been devilishly amused at the number of people I was sure it would annoy. Like everybody else, I had swallowed the story without checking it because it was endorsed by impeccable sources, and seeing it so utterly debunked had a certain anarchistic frisson! I am not sure that the idea of the 'head-cult' need be entirely discarded; but it obviously needs drastic revision from the inflated statements that have been made about it. Firstly, the idea that the 'head-cult' is exclusively or even predominately Celtic is very dubious, if all we have to go on are examples of folk stories involving heads which are extrapolated backwards to produce a religious motif. A few disparate examples illustrate this. 

 The towline is cast off unless the tow is crippled. The foregoing general rules serve only as examples of common procedures followed in typical situations. There are no hard-and-fast rules for salvaging. No two salvage jobs present exactly the same problems; each must be solved individually. The below are a few examples that illustrate procedures carried out in more unusual situations. 

 The facilitator requested an action replay and was able to watch the recorded highlights. This allowed the facilitator an opportunity to come up with suitable questions and activities for continuing the review. After completing a group exercise while blindfolded, the participants removed their blindfolds and were walked through what had happened by the team of observers. With this new information, the participants were able to take a more informed part in the review that followed. These five examples illustrate just some of the possibilities. 

 If you like that kind of language. This distinction can easily be highlighted by extending the example: string obj1 = "Hello, world"; obj1 = "Hello, sailor! At this point it becomes clear that the first answer to the question is incorrect - obj1 is referring to different strings after each line, even though it is obviously the same variable in each case. If you are a fan of functional languages with referential integrity, now would be an appropriate moment to sneer. Thank you. This example illustrates the fact that the variable is not the same thing as the string. 

 Plans were also laid this year for the adoption of Shibboleth as the next-generation access management system to supersede Athens. Early adopters are already leading the way in its use, providing invaluable guidance for other institutions. The past year saw work begin on the e-Learning Framework Programme, an international collaboration to help institutions adopt flexible IT infrastructures more suited to their needs. Promoting the use of open standards is central to this programme, and at the heart of JISC's strategy. These examples illustrate some of our specific achievements this year. 

 It does not measure up to care in the community standards. I know Highland Council is pushed and there is a big problem with funding but it is about time it gave up some of the politically- correct rubbish money is being spent on and concentrated on essential services, care for the elderly being one of them. Highland and Islands Tory MSP Mary Scanlon said the authority could be breaking the law under the Community Care Act 2001, which outlines services which should be provided locally. She added: ' I Highland Council does not have enough money it has to get more from the Scottish Executive or use the money it has more effectively. This example illustrates that, sadly, it does not pay to try to be independent. 

 The developmental processes in music and psychoanalysis will be explored by examples from the instructor's experience as a musician and Jungian analyst. Jung's concept of the archetype and individuation will be focal points in relating developmental themes to the symbolic processes of music. Terms such as attunement, coherence, entrainment, flow, form, frequency, pattern, resonance, synchronization, and tuning will be discussed and connected to their uses in both music and psychoanalysis. The course will also examine current research on music and the brain and relate this to theories of self-organization and coherent form. Finally, examples will illustrate how music's effects and symbolism can inform the analytic process, especially with regard to dream interpretation and 'active imagination'. 

 In general, cross cultural training has two parallel strands ? Cross cultural awareness training and culture/country specific training. Cross cultural awareness training deals with the manifestations of culture in the workplace and has many applications. Its main purpose is to evaluate and constructively tackle the challenges cross cultural differences can bring to the workplace. A few examples can illustrate the different applications of cross cultural awareness training: Cross cultural team building training will aim to raise team members? 

 These drooping poppies can be seen to represent the dying, or dead soldiers, while the newer poppies, those with buds, represent the coming generation. The title of the book is in small print, as if wishing not to intrude upon the effect of the poppies. Indeed, it would be possible to omit the title altogether, such is the strength of the poppy symbol. The poppy symbol has a long tradition in English literature, with many references to the sleep-inducing, oblivion-creating features of the flower, or, on its fertility properties. The following examples illustrate how the poppy has been used in English literature, right up to the First World War. 

 Substantive duties are duties that an employee has to carry out and that represent all or part of the central duties of the employment (this condition is unchanged), those duties cannot be performed without the use of appropriate facilities, no such appropriate facilities are available to the employee on the employer's premises (or the nature of the job requires the employee to live so far from the employer's premises that it is unreasonable to expect him or her to travelto those premises on a daily basis), at no time either before or after the contract is drawn up is the employee able to choose between working at the employer's premises or elsewhere. If one or more of those conditions are not satisfied HMRC officers will contend that the employee is not entitled to relief for the expenses of working at home. That contention is of course without prejudice to the employee's right to appeal to the Commissioners in any case where they believe that, notwithstanding what is said in this article, they satisfy the statutory conditions in Section 336. In practice, we think that any uncertainty is likely to centre on the last two bullet points mentioned above. Later in this article we have therefore provided a number of examples which illustrate how those conditions will apply in a range of different circumstances. 

 --example show-- 

 Systematic research by ourselves starts in Summer 2005 with up to ten schools in the eastern federal state we live in. This will be connected to the creation of the whole day school, one of the consequence of the bad results of PISA. Within the application for money for the whole day school, schools had to make a concept responding to their actual problems and planning next steps for their solution. The two most articulated problems were: dealing with heterogeneity of students and doing internal evaluation -- and for both of them the Index provides support. Some schools already started working with the Index; three examples can show a bit of that. 

 Rather, the project of examining this volume in the context of Reed's relationship with Wordsworth has consequences for our current understanding of 'British Romanticism', a category which has served, in its various instantiations since the late nineteenth century, as an important organising moment for the study of a certain period in the history of English Literature. Thus, my aim here is not simply to call attention to the relationship between Reed and Wordsworth, but rather to extrapolate from that relationship implications it has for the study of Romantic-period writing and ultimately the study of literary texts in general. First, some implications for the study of British Romanticism. The example of Reed's edition shows how certain key tropes of Romanticism like 'imagination' can be tied to the production and circulation of the texts that, over time, have come to constitute the category itself, that the institutionalising of those tropes has as much to do with literary critics' failures to historicise, as McGann has argued, as with the production and reception of those texts--how they represent the written works themselves, how they construct authors and readers, how they figure reading and writing. 

 Every time you prepare the figures for your VAT return you must check if your exempt input tax exceeds the de minimis limit. You will need to reconsider the de minimis limit when you carry out your annual adjustment ( section 10 ). Your adjustment calculation will need to include all exempt input tax incurred in the tax year, regardless of whether it was recovered under the de minimis rule during the tax year. Can you show me an example of a de minimis calculation? Yes, this example shows how to apply the de minimis test in an annual adjustment. 

 The signal coverage is very patchy, in some rooms there is a good signal in one part of the room but virtually none at the desk. Many residents complain of poor performance and at peak times it can take 20 minutes to login to the campus network. Investigations have shown that the file-sharing traffic has a particularly severe impact on the performance of the wireless network. Attempts to restrict the use of file-sharing software have been partially successful in improving performance but have also been very unpopular. This example shows the inherent problems with a wireless network in a Hall of Residence where there are very heavy peaks of usage. 

 For example, Yang Guojun, the deaf student, was helped by his own sister as learning tutor, and they used home signs to communicate about the lessons. Several peer tutoring strategies were summarised in the teaching material for wide use. These included: paired learning (one non-disabled and one disabled student) within-village peer tutoring (using non-disabled students from the same village as tutors to help students with disabilities come to school and go home alternative peer tutoring (use different students as peers based on learning tasks). Getting it 'right' however may not be so easy as the teacher may have to balance the response and prioritise needs. A negative example shows just how difficult this can be in real life situations. 

 Personal information is defined as any data which can identify a living person – name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc. In this way, the Museum can ensure it is properly accountable to our customers who we provide services for and to the Government partly fund those services. Download the customer response comment flow diagram. It shows how the Museum deals with customer comments. Below are three examples showing step-by-step how the Museum deals with different comments. 

 The approach provides a generic context and framework that supports at least three crucial process areas requiring management decision, resource allocation, release planning, and process performance monitoring. The report exemplifies the approach with an executable model. The latter reflects the global software process at a high level of abstraction and includes phenomenological observations derived from the laws of software evolution and the behaviours thereby implied. It incorporates concepts such as progressive (e.g., functional enhancement) and anti-regressive (e.g., complexity control) activities and enables the study of policies of human resource allocation to classes of activities. The example shows how the model permits assessment of the impact of alternative policies on various evolutionary attributes. 

 Waves can be combined together such that, at a given location and time, they may cause either constructive effects, in which the amplitude is strengthened, or destructive effects in which the amplitude is reduced. A remarkable property of waves is that they can pass through one another without being disturbed. While they are passing through, the resulting acoustic pressure is always just the sum of the acoustic pressures of each individual wave at that moment and location. The following example shows two wave pulses travelling in opposite directions. 

 Their only interest is self-propagation. The consequence is that if they can propagate by stealing resources from the genes, they will do so. And of course this is not a recipe for human happiness. I want to take just one more step along this path. My final example shows the memes forcing the hand of the genes in a much more physical way. 

 As a result, Mandel says, the work force is deeply demoralized. Under these conditions, it is not surprising that labour activism has followed a downward curve over the last 13 years. Nonetheless, Mandel argues that in factories where workers have found a way to fight back, they have won significant gains. The same lesson can be drawn from his detailed discussion of conditions in Ukraine and Belarus. His Ukrainian examples show that the socialist consciousness of even isolated individual militants has a great impact. 