--factor shape-- 

 Using extensive empirical analysis of some of the largest and potentially most environmentally significant industrial sectors – oil refineries, petro-chemicals, fine chemicals, pharmaceuticals, dairies, brewing, sugar, paper mills and electroplating – the authors show how clean technology can be promoted and implemented by business. They explore the scope for processes that use resources more efficiently and create less waste and pollution. They analyse corporate behaviour in each area, and how this is affected by economic factors, expertise and the local regulatory and policy environment, to identify opportunities and barriers to far-reaching change in our production systems. This book is based on the report of a major research project on the social, economic and technical factors that shape the development and dissemination of cleaner technologies and production systems. 

 At the same time, ODPM also published 'Local Area Agreements: a prospectus' plus 4 research reports: A Summary of Research Evidence on New Council Constitutions in Local Government Operating the New Council Constitutions in English Local Authorities: A Process Evaluation (Second Annual report) How are Mayors Measuring Up? The Implementation of New Council Constitutions in Alternative Arrangement Authorities. All the above documents are available at localvision the ODPM website. Future of Transport - White Paper published on 20 July 2004, Department for Transport (DfT). Examines the factors that will shape travel and transport over the next thirty years. 

 Anecdotes and original music inspired by his journey complete the telling of this story of a once in a lifetime trip. The show will be performed on Friday 12 May at 2.00pm and 8.00pm, both BSL interpreted, and Saturday 13 May at 8.00pm. For bookings, call the Jacksons Lane box office on 020 8341 4421 , or click this link to email them. Scope recently launched an online survey entitled Education, Choice and Disabled Children as part of their Time to get Equal campaign. They're looking for as many parents of disabled children as possible to fill in the survey in order to find out about their experiences of choosing a school for their child, and the factors that shape their decisions. 

 I have described the impact of globalisation. But what are the transforming forces driving it? One is the creation and use of new knowledge. This has always been part of the story of economic progress, from the days of the spinning jenny to the invention of electricity. But today it explains anything from 50-80% of economic growth, and how well any nation creates, manages and uses knowledge has become the most decisive factor shaping its wealth and prospects. 

 Local responses also reflected varying local conditions and traditions of burial, often established over a long period. The epidemiology of the disease contributed to the problem: its rapid spread over short distances, its high case-fatality, the geometrical increase in weekly deaths once it had taken hold in an area, helped to concentrate most of the deaths in a parish in a relatively short period of time. The practice of shutting up whole households after one confirmed case may have increased local mortality, and also meant that the family could not take its usual share of responsibility for organizing and paying for burial - even had participation in funerals and processions not been restricted by the Plague Orders. An important factor shaping the parishes' response to the problems of epidemic burial was the strong popular attachment to traditional practices: the individual funeral and interment, in which the family played an important role; the attendance of friends and neighbours; the desire for commemoration. 

 Part B provides financial performance indicators and unit costs by college for the years 2001-02 to 2004-05. Using and interpreting the financial performance indicators. Under the terms of the financial memorandum between the Council and each college, it is the responsibility of the governing body "to ensure that the institution strives to achieve best value from its use of public funds from all sources". It is intended that these financial performance indicators, when set alongside other performance data, in particular the cost benchmarking data 2 and student and staff performance indicators, will support colleges and the newly formed benchmarking clubs in seeking best value. There are many social and environmental factors which shape the characteristics of a college's activities, some of which can influence financial performance. 

 Thus, the population dynamical consequences of life history evolution shapes that evolution. We are interested in the proximal and evolutionary consequences of immunity for parasite life history in malaria (see many of the other research questions, but we are also asking life history questions of gastrointestinal worms. Here, size is fecundity (and often virulence), but getting big takes time. Do GI nematodes mature earlier in more immune hosts, thus giving up the fecundity advantages of longer prematurational growth, but ensuring that they do not die before they reproduce? Are there density-dependent immune factors which shape worm size and reproduction? 

 The fortunes of the EEF were at a low ebb after the Transjordan raids, obliging Allenby to train his Indian replacements before resuming the offensive in the autumn of 1918. Curiously - given the amount of operational detail he includes on the Third Battle of Gaza and the Transjordan raids - Hughes makes only passing references to the Battle of Megiddo - Allenby's `masterpiece' in September 1918 - which dealt the Turks in Palestine a crushing blow and permitted Britain `to consummate the Arab revolt by placing Feisal in Damascus as ruler of Syria'. This is admittedly a book about strategy but, as Hughes has earlier been critical of Allenby's tactical and command weaknesses in late 1917 and the first half of 1918, it is unfortunate that he does not devote at least a paragraph or two to Allenby's most successful all-arms battle - in which `The Bull' was arguably at his operational peak. Hughes himself is at his best when guiding the reader through the complex web of interrelated and shifting political and strategic factors that shaped British policy towards the Middle East after the fall of Damascus and the Armistice. 

 First, Porter's chapter title posing the question, 'What is Disease?' actually followed Kiple's contribution on the 'History of Disease' (Kiple's chapter, given the limitations of this type of writing, is a fine sweeping account of global historical epidemiology. He is especially strong on coupling 'big themes' - such as the agricultural revolution and urbanisation - with shifts in the disease panorama). A second instance arose in the way that Shorter's account of the importance of medical science for the 'making of the modern doctor' (pp. 126-32) in his 'Primary Care' chapter actually preceded Porter's chapter on 'Medical Science'. To point out these issues in fact serves to stress interconnectedness in the development of all aspects of disease and medicine with wider social, political and economic forces. How these factors have shaped the medical landscape that we observe today is properly the paramount task in the writing of medical history. 

 A matter of choice? Explaining national variations in teenage abortion and motherhood Ellie Lee, Steve Clements, Roger Ingham and Nicole Stone An exploration of the factors behind the geographical variation in the proportion of teenage pregnancies ending in abortion. This study is the most comprehensive analysis to date of why the proportions of under-18 pregnancies which end in abortion varies throughout Britain. Why do most pregnant teenagers opt for abortion in some areas, while most have babies in others? And what factors shape how young women decide for or against abortion? 

 --factor affect-- 

 This phenomenon has interfered considerably, according to some theorists, with literacy practice taking hold of the majority of Africa's people (Akoha in Olson and Torrance, 2001). In similar vein, many literacy programmes use the dominant language as a medium of instruction, as opposed to the learners' mother tongues. A considerable number of studies have revealed high failure rates in such programmes (Goody in Olson and Torrance, 2001; Lopez in Olson and Torrance, 2001; Prah in Olson and Torrance, 2001; Akoha in Olson and Torrance, 2001), though one constructivist programme that used a second language as a medium of instruction have shown excellent results (Walker, Rattanavich and Oller, 1992). These few examples indicate that literacy learning is clearly dependant on the interaction between political, socio-economic and cultural structures. It may be obvious to state that many of the factors mentioned affect the development of learners' motivation towards learning and / or using reading and writing skills. 

 When asked about inclusive attitudes when prior experience working with children with disabilities was a factor, preservice teachers were found to exhibithigh beliefs in positive academic progress of special needs students and a propensity for having little difficulty teaching students with cognitive deficits. Conclusion Globally, inclusive practices tend to vary in their degree of implementation. Often times the attitudes and beliefs regarding inclusion of students with disabilities in general education classrooms tend to either hinder or promote its success. Teachers worldwide seem to have mixed feelings about including students with disabilities in general education settings. Age and type of disability are consistent factors affecting attitudes toward inclusion. 

 The point is, nonetheless, important, especially in the context of the unique UK countryside and the need to find a way to preserve the comprehensive and commonplace aspects of biodiversity. It is well-known that hedgerows, for many years a key feature of British countryside and an important provider of habitats for a wide range of species, have been on the decline in both quality and quantity. The destruction and degradation of these habitats has arisen through changes in agricultural practices and has resulted in a decline in many species of animals including some of the previously common (and legally well-protected) birds. In 1994 the United Kingdom government said on quantity of hedgerows: Between 1984 and 1990 there was a net loss of 23% of hedges. The main factor affecting biodiversity included loss and fragmentation of linear features such as hedgerows as a result of intensified farming practices.(Sustainable development-the UK strategy, 1994.) 

 The rising tide of ethnic and religious identity is the unavoidable result of bringing different peoples and cultures into far closer proximity than is natural. The technology which built the jet-fighter and tanks, which imposed the post-war partition of the world on a myriad of resentful nations, also created throw-away, shoulder-to-air missiles with which illiterate tribesmen can blast them and their crews to pieces. The electronic wizardry which led first to the creation of centralised television networks which put unprecedented brainwashing power in the hands of a few hundred men, has now gone on to make video cameras, personal computers and the Internet -- a combination which, if they do not find a way to bring it under control with in a couple of years, will do for the previous information monopoly what the development of the longbow did for the mounted knights who had ruled the battlefields of Europe for hundreds of years. Time running out This leads us on to the last factor affecting the plans of the New World Order addicts: the growing feeling that they are running out of time. 

 The site is part of a periodic table from the Faculty of Chemical Technology, University of Split, Croatia. The site is also available in French, Croatian, German and Italian. This practical tutorial, on nickel complexes, has been prepared by the Virtual Chemistry initiative within the Department of Chemistry, University of Oxford. The experiment investigates the geometry of transition metal complexes by using the example of Nickel(II). It considers the factors that affect the structure of a complex and discovers methods to determine those structures based around the theory of magnetic moments. 

 A scale model of a room and a normal size DML were used to carry out physical measurements. The results support the case that DML and conventional cone loudspeakers excite the modal sound field differently. Predictions were obtained using analytical models that represent the acoustic response of rectangular rooms to different source parameters and positioning. As a part of this work some analytical solutions have been suggested for the issue of distributed sources in rooms, more specifically for plates with simply supported boundaries. Figure 2: Bruno Fazenda at his computer. At a later stage, digital signal processing is used to create virtual rooms in order to study the subjective perception of various factors that may affect how we listen to "bass" sound in small rooms. 

 The study concludes that on average, loan size did not stagnant but increased steadily, although at a rate lower than the original village bank model projections. Only programs that allowed non-poverty level loans (loans above US$300) approached the original loan growth rate. Other factors positively associated with more rapid loan growth were urban site selection and restricted internal fund policies. Membership turnover-influx of new clients and drop-out of original clients-was also evident across all programs, dampening loan growth rates by approximately 25%. While factors external to the program affect these dynamics, program policies can play an important role in stemming the drop-out rate. 

 The activities of SEREIN-2000 aim at getting to grips with the larger scale (global, national, regional) aspect of forces influencing Natural Ressource Management (NRM) strategies and environmental changes as well as policy and development issues related hereto. Further, the issue of how such global changes are sought remedied through international conventions or through multi- or bilateral project and programme assistance will be addressed. How are knowledge systems regarding NRM built, and how do scientists, policy makers and res-source users identify, characterise and remedy the impact of human NRM practices/resource use? What are best practices of NRM, at the national as well as regional level, seen from an economic, ecological, institutional, social, and cultural development perspective? How are population factors affecting ressource management strategies and, in turn, the environment, and how are they mediated through various institutions? 

 A contention supported by Talbot (1985) who suggests that learning style varies according to the learning task being undertaken, while Barris, Kielhofner & Bauer (1985) argue that it is possible for learning to change during the duration of a course of study. Perhaps more important than the question of whether to seek a match or mismatch, is whether it is appropriate to consciously redesign an instructional strategy as learning style may not be temporally stable. Research indicates learning style is not a stable construct, so one may alter instructional style to meet a learning style that will itself change, requiring a further change in instructional strategy. This also assumes that instructional style is the only variable affecting learning style. There are a number of factors affecting learning, so the choice of an appropriate learning style is more complex than these research studies indicate. 

 The aging population of tankers makes routine inspection a critical issue. This inspection can be very expensive and time consuming. The sheer size of today's vessels makes this task daunting. Although there are stated guidelines set by IACS (International Association of Classification Societies, 1994), to follow when ship structures are inspected, without the knowledge of the full breadth of the problem these guidelines allow error, and in turn, possible loss of structural integrity. The growth of rusticle's may be a major factor affecting the operational life span of ships. 