--fate lie-- 

He greatly desires it - but he must not get it. Frodo sat silent and motionless. Fear seemed to stretch out a vast hand, like a dark cloud rising in the East and looming up to engulf him. This ring! he stammered. How on earth did it come to me? Gandalf can tell Frodo how the ring came to him, but what to do with it next is a much harder decision. For on the fate of this ring lies the fate of all the free peoples of Frodo's world. 

 To Berlin in the final days of his 12-year Reich, the Nazi dictator called in divisions of SS, the worst offenders in the Nazi system. And not only "regular" German SS but a legion of traitors, too, from the Netherlands, Denmark, Croatia and elsewhere -- men who knew they had two choices: to die beside their comrades in a final battle against the hated Soviets, or to go home and be hanged amid the derision of their countrymen. Few survived the Battle of Berlin. Hussein counts on his men to do no less. Thousands of them will recognize that in the aftermath of the Baath regime, even if the attack leaves Hussein dead and the country shattered, their own fate lies just around the corner. 

 Each of the Northern Transvaal samples did manifest a slightly higher degree of both uncertainty and a 'sense of threat' which does fit with the attitudes one would expect given the enormous political change they were facing. In both territories, those who were uncertain about the future were more likely to feel their community was under threat; this accords with the hypothesis that people will manufacture generalised beliefs to help them cope with an uncertain and confused situation. This latter theory may also explain the prevalence in all six fieldwork congregations of the belief that Afrikaners/Protestants were being discriminated against in terms of jobs because of affirmative action policies in South Africa and fair employment legislation in Northern Ireland. There was a correlation in both the aggregated fieldwork samples between one's degree of 'alienation' and one's theological stance; the theologically 'conservative' were more likely than their 'liberal' counterparts to feel alienated from the political system. This is perhaps not surprising, given that those who take the Bible very literally are probably more likely to feel the fate of the world lies in God's hands and that there is little mere mortals can do to influence it in any case. 

 But the Rosa Eldi is no ordinary woman... In the Southern Empire, the fire of holy war is smouldering and violence is everywhere, fuelled by fundamentalist hatred and bigotry. Caught up in these machinations, peace-loving Saro Vingo is forced to take up arms against the North; and Virelai, apprentice sorcerer, finds himself chained to the murderous plans of his master, Tycho Issian. Ignoring the call to arms, Aran Aranson, chief of the Rockfall clan, is in the grip of a mad obsession borne of a magical map and dreams of sailing the frozen seas to Sanctuary, island of legend, to find a fortune. His daughter, Katla, dreams of sailing with him; but her fate lies elsewhere. 

 I couldn't believe it was Cui Jian. Another top rocker said, "Cui Jian's conquered China. He wants to be an international star now. But Wang Xiaofang said it best: "Nobody's going to be as big as Cui Jian. For the moment, the fate of Chinese rock music lies in the hands of Beijing's top managers as much as in the hands of the musicians. 

 Likewise, there is a sense of masculine weakness in the denouement of Double Indemnity . In the film noir , knowledge equates to power and, correspondingly, it is through the discovery of the insurance scam which Walter and Phyllis have staged that Keyes is raised to the highest rung of the patriarchal ladder of the film. Whilst Walter slumps powerless - and arguably 'castrated' through his dealings with Mrs. Dietrichson - in the doorway at the end of the film, Keyes phones for an ambulance and the police. Like the other male protagonists, his fate lies not within his own hands but with someone more powerful than him. 

 Three years ago in Chester the counsel for the defence had simply given up at this point, shrugging the shoulders and grinning apologetically at his client Mrs Clark, who hung her head, knowing that she'd come to the end of the road. There had been no need to depart from that pattern in the two dozen trials since. Until now. The smartly-dressed ethnic young lady who took to the floor with such apparent confidence had clearly been shockingly briefed. The hearts of the spectators in the gallery went out to her, knowing the fate that lay in store. 

 Two of Toussaint's chief lieutenants, Dessalines and Christophe, recognized their untenable situation, held separate parleys with the invaders, and agreed to transfer their allegiance. Recognizing his weak position, Toussaint surrendered to Leclerc on May 5, 1802. The French assured Toussaint that he would be allowed to retire quietly, but a month later, they seized him and transported him to France, where he died of neglect in the frigid dungeon of Fort de Joux in the Jura Mountains on April 7, 1803. The betrayal of Toussaint and Bonaparte's restoration of slavery in Martinique undermined the collaboration of leaders such as Dessalines, Christophe, and Pétion. Convinced that the same fate lay in store for Saint-Domingue, these commanders and others once again battled Leclerc and his disease-riddled army. 

 With the playoffs eleven points away Rovers will need to motivate themselves for the remainder of what appears to be a dead season beginning with the trip to bath at the weekend. There will be no such rest and relaxation for Bristol City though. Boss Brian Tinnion has demanded 10 wins from his side's last 10 games as the side try to repair the damage last week's 5-0 surrender to Luton did to their promotion hopes. Barnsley will be first on Tinnion's list as they travel to Ashton Gate at the weekend. The club's fate this season could lie in the West Country itself. 

 The role-playing point and click adventure game sees you trying to solve the story of the Pharaoh Ramses II. At the ripe old age of 60, he's dying and with him of course the glory of Egypt will fall. The Egyptian god Amon-Re has agreed to grant him health and prolong his reign, under the condition that he reconstructs Amon-Re's temple, erecting the largest obelisk ever constructed. However, Ramses is doomed by what appears to be an evil curse. His fate lies in the hands of a beautiful young sorceress by the name of Maia played by you. 

 --fate be-- 

 We will enable local authorities to purchase land compulsorily, where the land is the subject of a continuing breach of a Stop Notice. And we will allow councils to refuse applications for retrospective planning permission where it is clear that the applicant knew they were breaking the law. As always our policy will be to enhance and not diminish the power that rural communities have to run themselves through their parish, district and county councils. Rural policy is complex which is another reason why, under a Conservative Government, centralisation will be out and local democracy in. But until then the fate of the countryside is in other hands. 

 Permission is granted to copy and/or distribute this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License I accept with the greatest readiness Fred Zeller's suggestion to contribute an article to Revolution on the occasion of the eighteenth anniversary of the October overturn. True, Revolution is not a "big" daily newspaper; it is just striving to become a weekly. High-placed bureaucrats might pull contemptuous faces on this score. But I have had occasion to observe many times how "powerful" organizations with a "powerful" press crumbled to dust under the impact of events, and how, on the other hand, small organizations with a technically weak press were in a short time transformed into historic forces. Let us firmly hope that precisely this fate is in store for your paper and for your organization. 

 A moving, personal story of the plight of asylum seekers, surprisingly. 'In This World' is the story of Jamal and Enayatullah, two young Afghans scraping a living in Peshawar on the north west border of Pakistan. The city is home to something like 53,000 Afghan refugees (the figure is constantly changing) who fled their country first to escape the Soviet occupation, and more recently the US-led bombing campaign. Jamal who speaks English, persuades his cousin's family to pay his way to help Enayatullah reach England. But ultimately their fate is in the hands of the people smugglers. 

 Ironically it was this very fact that drew the NATO alliance more closely together. The open admission of NATO defeat by an otherwise tinpot leader of a tinpot state in the backward Balkans would have devastating consequences for the US, NATO and the West: Failure will not just ensure that despots everywhere take heart. NATO is not serious, they will say. It has no stomach for a fight. When the fate of innocent Kosovars is in the balance that is bad enough. 

 Bruce Dyer 48th Dyer again 60th Craig Hignett 84th Final result Birmingham 0 Barnsley 4 This all but books Barnsley's place at the Wembley stadium Playoff final on Bank Holiday Monday. Theres a game at Oakwell that will be a party for the loyal fans, then it's everyone down to North West London in red and white for the real battle.. Ayup willbe there. Yorkshire Teams Elsewhere Premiership All down to the last game for Leeds and Bradford, with the game at Bradford City holding the key to the fate of both clubs. Bradford need a win against a Liverpool side trying to catch Leeds United. For Leeds, their fate is in their own hands. 

 A large turn-out saw an increase for Social Democracy (the CP was illegal). The pro-German Nazi party received 2.2 per cent of the vote, and the peasant party 1.2 per cent of the vote. So pro-German or Nazi parties received less votes than in 1939. On 29 August 1943, after growing resistance, the collaborationist line of the government fell out of sympathy with the populace and after a German demand for the introduction of the death sentence for sabotage was rejected, it fell and martial law was introduced. Shortly after, the Germans went for the interned Communists to send them to concentration camps, and a similar fate was in store for the Danish Jews (after warnings from German sources the majority of Jews escaped in time). 

 Historian Bernard Lewis notes: For almost a thousand years ... Europe was under constant threat. In the early centuries it was a double threat - not only of invasion and conquest, but also of conversion and assimilation. All but the easternmost provinces of the Islamic realm had been taken from Christian rulers, and the vast majority of the first Muslims west of Iran and Arabia were converts from Christianity. North Africa, Egypt, Syria, even Persian-ruled Iraq, had been Christian countries, in which Christianity was older and more deeply rooted than in most of Europe. Their loss was sorely felt and heightened the fear that a similar fate was in store for Europe. 

 When we say who is to be blamed - there are lots of people, particularly a lot of activists who still think that it's heroic to shout racism at every passing white person. Leave aside the fact that it is often unfair, it's slightly meaningless and it alienates people unnecessarily. I had hoped that by the time I got to the grand old age I am now (52) that black people would have stopped constantly begging white people to do things for us. Sometimes we need to say to the majority community 'stop doing what you're doing' and that's what anti-discrimination is often about. But I dislike this sense that our fate is almost always in the hands of other people. 

 Fight your way across the United States! Had enough of the windy city? Then go ahead and bomb Chicago! Invade across the Rockies into California, capture the tank factories in Ohio, and lay siege to New York City! You decide - the fate of the nation is in your hands! 

 As soon as the season allowed, Sulla threw himself with vehemence on the Piraeus; he in fact succeeded by missiles and mines in making a breach in part of the strong walls of Pericles, and immediately the Romans advanced to the assault; but it was repulsed, and on its being renewed crescent-shaped entrenchments were found constructed behind the fallen walls, from which the invaders found themselves assailed on three sides with missiles and compelled to retire. Sulla then raised the siege, and contented himself with a blockade. In the meanwhile the provisions in Athens were wholly exhausted; the garrison attempted to procure a capitulation, but Sulla sent back their fluent envoys with the hint that he stood before them not as a student but as a general, and would accept only unconditional surrender. When Aristion, well knowing what fate was in store for him, delayed compliance, the ladders were applied and the city, hardly any longer defended, was taken by storm (1 March 668). 