-- fire devour -- 

 The Word can never be rendered null and void. It can never be robbed of its own inherent power and effectiveness. Even its rejection by men does not minimize its efficacy. But its effect depends upon the moral response which is made to it. The Word of the Lord is food that invigorates and fire that refines, or it is fire that devours. 

 This too refers to a verifiable astronomical alignment that can be traced to July of that same year. Nostradamus warned the conjunction would produce a long period of heat wave that would burn "the great plain, woods and cities. Remarkably July of 1999 coincided with a particularly severe heat wave in the American Mid West. Crops and farmland were transformed into a dry dust bowl as farmers struggled to cope with the unusual conditions. A year later brought devastating forest fires that devoured vast acres of forest and woodland. 

 The PDD is not running for the municipal elections, due on 19 November, but it will support independent candidates proposed by the Institute for Peace and Democracy (IPADE), a non- governmental organisation, which Domingos founded shortly after his expulsion from Renamo. Meanwhile the police have arrested two senior Renamo figures in Quelimane in connection with the attack on delegates to the conference on 2 October by about 50 former Renamo guerrillas armed with clubs and machetes. According to a report in the independent newsheet "Mediafax", those arrested are Inacio Morgado (a former lieutenant- colonel) and Sebastiao Chapepa. The police are looking for a third man, Francisco Lole, who was once the Renamo delegate in the port city of Beira. A fire on 23 September devoured the roof, all furniture, and documents in the offices of Renamo in the town of Moatize, in the western province of Tete. 

 Yet she was carried away, she went into captivity; her little ones were dashed in pieces at the head of every street; for her honoured men lots were cast, and all her great men were bound in chains. You also will be drunken, you will be dazed; you will seek a refuge from the enemy. All your fortresses are like fig trees with first-ripe figs - if shaken they fall into the mouth of the eater. Behold, your troops are women in your midst. The gates of your land are wide open to your foes; fire has devoured your bars. 

 Passione 10 Charlotte Street W1 020 7636 2833 - Southern Italian. The simple premises with close-packed tables are busy and noisy with enthusiasm both front-of-house and in the kitchen. Talent attracts talent and the proportion of wellknown faces often include famous chefs on their nights off and other creatives who recognise artistry in the kitchen. Pied A Terre 34 Charlotte Street W1 020 7636 1178 - Modern French. Triumphantly restored after the kitchen fire that devoured the premises a year ago, food lovers have returned enthusiastically to these intimate premises to enjoy the superlative talents of chef Shane Osborn that have already earned him two Michelin stars. 

 His body was. thence presently translated to the isle of Lindisfarne, and buried in the cemetery of the brethren. Some time after, when a larger church was built there and dedicated in honour of the blessed prince of the Apostles, his bones were translated thither, and laid on the right side of the altar, with the respect due to so great a prelate. Finan,who had likewise been sent thither from Hii, the island monastery of the Scots, succeeded him, and continued no small time in the bishopric. It happened some years after, that Penda, king of the Mercians, coming into these parts with a hostile army, destroyed all he could with fire and sword, and the village where the bishop died, along with the church above mentioned, was burnt down; but it fell out in a wonderful manner that the buttress against which he had been leaning when he died, could not be consumed by the fire which devoured all about it. 

 Breeze snatched up the first thing she could find - her own mackintosh, which she had been wearing earlier in the day - and with one swift movement covered that smouldering sleeve with the thick material. As she dragged Susan's limp form away from the fire, she noticed with one part of her brain that a sheet of paper had just begun to burn. She saw that it was covered with badly printed words, amongst which 'Wellwisher' stood out. Just for an instant she saw it, and then the fire devoured it hungrily. 

 We have seen hearts broken by sarcasm and neglect. We have seen the crushing effects of criticism upon those needing reassurance and encouragement. Most of us do not escape life without being deeply touched by such actions from others. But how incredibly sobering it is to see ourselves in these actions of others, to realize that we are guilty of the very things that may have hurt us deeply! We, too, are responsible for spreading the flames of a fire that devours all in its path. 

 Their sources added there may be "many snipers" and not just the one. BULLDOZER: Iraqi forces are going smash through jihadi defences. Women in burqas were part of the death squads operation as they hid pistols beneath their veils and shot down ISIS fighters in brave attacks at checkpoints. A squad of gunmen shot down the head of the cult's Caliphate Cubs wing in a broad daylight attack which left warlords living in fear – with ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi refusing the travel anywhere without armed guards. Rebellious youths have also reportedly began forming "combat detachments" in a bid to purge the cult from Mosul and a mysterious fire also devoured an ISIS headquarters building. 

 Fire can be smelled, fire can be heard, fire can be felt-- but she cannot see any fire. Yves begins to cast a spell, struggling to say the correct words with half-frozen lips. She spins in a circle. Blood clots on her hands and the flames nip at her heels and she breaks and runs. The fire snaps and devours her uniform with unceasing hunger: the stiff fabric and the bronze buttons alike. 

 -- fire destroy -- 

 And the Bible and the Torah says the same that he will be like a refiner's fire and like Fuller's soap, because he will have to wash humanity of the things that cause us to hate each other. He would have to purify us from these things and the fire of a refiner is to break us down in the form that we have been formed and give us a new form in which to house the spirit of God. That is why Jesus said you can not pour new wine in old wine skins. And that is why Jesus, again, said, after he was baptized with water, that one was coming after John that would baptize with fire. And this fire means that as fire destroys the form of whatever it touches-the Bible says we are born in sin and shaped in iniquity-that form has to be broken down, and a new form given to the human being into which he can pour his spirit without number. 

 Stanley was chosen to store some of the king's jewels, which were given back to the king in July 1215. Until the end of the thirteenth century the abbot of Stanley was more or less a regular attendant at the Cistercian General Chapter . The abbot was also summoned to the early English parliaments; in 1311-17 he was called five times to Westminster, York or Lincoln and in 1322 he was summoned to the provincial council in Lincoln. The abbey suffered some serious economic set backs during the course of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries. In 1212 a fire destroyed the twelfth-century church, and may have engulfed large parts of the cloister buildings. 

 When he retired from racing three years ago he decided he wanted to leave some lasting mark on the sport, and after thinking it over he presented a cup for world competition. So far it has been raced for France and England. William took up the family hobby in school and won the junior championship four years in succession. After the war he took it up again, was picked as skipper to sail in the European and Scottish Championships, and eventually gave up in 1954 when fire destroyed the Port Glasgow Model Yacht Club's clubhouse and all the yachts with it.  

 Prince Albert 1846-1861 - Consort to Queen Victoria. Designer of Osborne House and Whippingham Church. Professor John Milne 1850-1913- British seismologist. Born in Liverpool in 1850 and later moved to Japan where he was a professor of Geology and Mining. After a fire destroyed his home in 1895 he moved to Shile Hill House on the Island. 

 After the driest summer on record, coupled with average temperatures over the growing season, Marlborough winemakers were in high spirits. It was a much cooler season than 1998, yet warmer than 2000, with high sunshine hours to advance ripening and cool nights preserving the grapes' acidity. Production leapt by 41 per cent on 2000, giving Marlborough over half (52 per cent) of the total national grape crop. Summer was exceptionally dry, with an all-time December-February low of 27.2 mm of rain (compared to the long-term average of 145 mm.) "December temperatures were much higher than average," reported Dr Mike Trought of Villa Maria, "with hot, sunny days throughout flowering, good fruit 'set' and large bunches. In the hills behind Blenheim, fire destroyed thousands of hectares of farmland and forests in late December. 

 The CBT team carefully inspected the walls, which were subdivided geographically and chronologically and sampled by core drilling and taking individual bricks and mortar samples to try to characterise the various areas. This is not straightforward as in some of the more recent areas the mortar was clearly cement based, in the older areas, hydraulic lime based and in one area, a significant amount of brick dust was used. The hall occupies a central position in Ashton just a stones throw from the Town Hall and has clearly formed a great landmark and centrepiece to the shopping area. Parts of the building date back to 1830 with further additions in 1867, 1880 and 1930. The fire destroyed all of the roof structure and stalls and all that remains are the walls which are primarily brickwork with some stone features. 

 The South Transept is home to the Rose window, the circular window above the South Door. The centre of this window depicts a sunflower, surrounded by 24 panels containing alternate red and white roses. This signifies the end of the 'War of the Roses' with the marriage of Elizabeth of York to the Lancastrian King Henry V11 in 1486. This transept was badly damaged in the fire of 1984, the cause being a lightening strike. The fire destroyed the roof of the transept, but fortunately the Rose window could be carefully restored and strengthened. 

 Salt is good, but if it loses its saltiness, there is no way to make it salty again. It is no good for the soil or for the manure pile; it is thrown away. Listen, then, if you have ears! In the Letter to the Hebrews, later in the New Testament, the Bible says: Hebrews chapter 10 (TEV) 26 For there is no longer any sacrifice that will take away sins if we purposely go on sinning after the truth has been made known to us. Instead, all that is left is to wait in fear for the coming Judgment and the fierce fire which will destroy those who oppose God! 

 Woborn's Almshouses - originally founded 1477 Subsequently known as the Portreeve's Almshouses, the building stood on the corner of Union Street and South Street, on a plot now serving as a car parking area for the town council headquarters in the Town House. In the seventeenth century it provided accommodation for three poor women who received fourpence a week. By the nineteenth century there were four female inmates. In 1910, the Borough Council provided new premises, known as Dorcas House, in Preston Grove, and while this was in course of construction, fire destroyed the former building. 

 Is it the common denominator? The thing that is left once we strip away the national identities? It's not that simple since our Franciscan identities are something incarnated in our cultures and experiences. For example a New Zealander's assumptions about poverty, community, peace, and other Franciscan traits, will be very different from a Solomon Islander's. The brothers began in Brisbane with nothing after the fire which destroyed their buildings. 