--float idea-- 

 Only last week, Defence Minister Hazem Al-Shaalan told reporters in Cairo that the elections could still be delayed if Egypt was willing to mediate with the Iraqi Sunnis in order to secure their participation. We have asked our Arab brothers, particularly in Egypt and the Gulf countries, to get Iraqi Sunnis to participate in the elections, and if such participation requires a delay to the election date, then it could be delayed" . Indeed a boycott by Sunni parties, and voters, remains a very large threat. There had been hopes that the (Sunni) Iraqi Islamic Party (IIP) would take part, but they have just announced they will be joining the boycott. This is a severe blow to any threads of legitimacy that the government resulting from the elections might have. US officials have floated the idea of an appointed quota, which could conveniently be used to secure a place for Iraqi Sunnis in the national assembly. 

 These are now a set of THREE booklets available by POST from The Pancreatitis SUpporters Network. As soon as I receive enough copies for all of you I will do a mailing to everyone in the Network of the same. As I hold information about you on computer (Names and Addresses and Telephone Numbers) I have had to register the Network with the Data Protection Agency, this is to protect you from anyone gaining unlawful access to your details and hence the reason why I asked you earlier on if you had any objections to me supplying everyone else with your name and address. Note: I did not say telephone number as I thought people would be happier to make initial contact by letter. Further to this I would like to float an idea to you all for your comments. 

 And, amidst a conflict with SF as to what the content of these contacts had been, the government was forced to admit its first, self-serving version was incorrect. A further means of influence has been to blackball, or alternatively to cultivate, particular journalists or organisations. Thus, in the early days of the 'troubles', when the British army was in many ways running the show, Simon Winchester of the Guardian described how he had been "punished with the one weapon the army could use with effect against me - the denial of information" for naming a very senior officer who had talked to him on the expectation of remaining anonymous. On the other hand, he notes how the Sunday Times was used by government after the Bloody Sunday massacre in 1972 to float the idea of reconstructing the unionist state on power-sharing terms, with guaranteed representation in government for the Catholic minority. 

 The message from the Kremlin so far has been ambiguous. President Vladimir Putin has made much of his newfound friendship with Bush and has reined in the sort of bellicose, anti-American rhetoric that erupted in 1999 with the war against Serbs in Kosovo. But Putin tends carefully to Russian economic interests, and his government has confirmed that it will soon sign a long-term, $40 billion economic cooperation agreement with Iraq covering such areas as energy and transportation. The Kremlin's haziness may signal an interest in striking a deal. Key political and corporate figures in both Washington and Moscow have floated ideas on how to guarantee Russia's economic interests in Iraq in a post-Hussein era. 

 One of its key proposals is abolishing the fixed retirement age, which Andrew Smith described as "increasingly anachronistic" and encouraging workers to work pass the present statutory retirement age. This proposal and the way in which it is presented reflects the Government's approach of dragging workers' conditions back into the 19th century while shouting slogans of "modernisation" and "moving into the 21st century". The Green Paper also proposes raising the pension age of public service workers from 60 to 65 for new entrants, while not ruling out that at some later date this could be extended to existing public service workers like teachers and nurses. It also floats the balloon of raising the state pension age to 70, while making no definite proposal to do so. Clearly the government is floating this idea to get people accustomed to it, so that at some later date it can be introduced as a "modernising reform". 

 For the reasons given, the alternatives of separately identifying and compensating for barren cows, and Sir Hector Munro's suggestion put forward at the bilateral with the Chief Secretary both seem unattractive. I have instructed the Division to proceed urgently with the further work with Economics and Finance Groups. I suggest that there is no need for you to write to the Chief Secretary at this stage. Unless you see matters differently, therefore, the attached papers are put forward for information at this stage. We can consider later when to float the idea with the Treasury. 

 This is sensible, but it is essential that the information is provided at the same time to the workers' representatives. This would enable any errors or omissions to be pointed out before any transfer takes place. Curiously, the government is equivocal on this. It is also curious that the government does not propose that the new employer can sue the old employer for damages if information is inaccurate or incomplete and causes financial loss. Instead the government floats the idea of liability for any claims by employees being split between the old and new employer. 

 If there were any vagaries in my mind over the difference between my two main life pursuits at the moment, they were blown out of the water this week. Yesterday I spent a grand total of forty-five minutes conscious in the apartment; half an hour to get ready and leave for work, and fifteen minutes to swap news with Krissa and fall asleep, fourteen hours later. Three life pursuits then; sleep, then the play and my job. In no order whatsoever. Monday 5.30pm: Meeting. Calculators out. Sketches left, right and centre. Frowns. Gesturing, working things out, floating ideas, panning ideas. 

 You might also have problems with a credit or identity card. ThRelatives may be demanding. A pile of mail could be building too. Awareness that you might not meet a deadline or that you'll need an extra hour to complete tomorrow's schedule could result in you being highly tuned to the value of time. Being with someone who's clearly not at all well could also make you think. Whilst travelling, you could float an idea to someone especially close. 

 This means that one ontology can be used to accuratly transform every Web document that references the CSS used to generate that ontology. Simply one ontology accuratly transforms one entire site using a generalised programmatic machinery able to cope with all sites using CSS. But this means that SADIe is 'Ghettoised' into accessibility languishing without a strong enough business driver. We think there are any applications which need to access the structure semantics of Web pages which have a perceived igher business case. At this DL lunch I want to float the idea and get a critique. 

 --discuss idea-- 

 He wished to discuss with the people and leaders of Gaza the P10K plan to bring 10,000 western citizens to act as international observers in the Palestinian Occupied Territories. P10K also calls for a cessation of offensive operations from the Israeli Government and the militant Palestinian Resistance, upon the arrival of the 10,000 strong P10K Force. O'Keefe and P10K coordinator Ian Hodgson were detained by ten Israeli Soldiers at 2pm Thursday as they walked along the beach into Palestinian Gaza from an area of Jewish Settlements at the northern end of the Gaza Strip. Knowing that Israel would refuse entry through the usual checkpoints into Gaza, the pair nearly caught Israeli soldiers off guard with their unconventional approach along the coastline. O'Keefe said: 'I desperately wanted to discuss this idea with people in Gaza, and would not simply accept Israel's refusal to admit me entry. 

 A total of 13 speakers talked on issues ranging from action at the local level, research projects in Wales, generic talks on bats and cetaceans and a number of species specific talks on many different types of mammals found in Wales. It was impossible to cover all the mammal species that we have and the programme tried to reflect areas where there is a lot of work being undertaken or particular current issues. As broad a range of species as possible were covered to give a flavour of the current distribution and abundance and an idea of the current situation regarding conservation work and research. It is hoped that in the future we will be able to look at some of the other species not included this time. Some of the Wales Mammal Group organising team The conference also aimed to get people together to discuss the idea of setting up a Wales Mammal Group and to this end a very useful discussion forum was held during the evening of the 2-day conference. 

 HAD will also advise on storage, display, collection and disposal issues. HAD will encourage involvement of the Pagan community in relevant museum events and activities, and where appropriate it will seek permission for the Pagan community to carry out either public or closed rituals in museum premises. The issue of reburial of pagan human remains is a key area of focus for HAD, and a topic currently attracting significant and growing interest within the political, heritage, archaeological and museum worlds. Reburial is now being supported as a realistic option by many museum professionals, as shown by the Director of the Museum of London's recent public statement. HAD seeks to instigate dialogue with all UK museums currently storing human bones and other physical remains, in order to discuss ideas, plans and strategies for the future. 

 Again this requires consultation and negotiation with your tutor. Most tutors will mark using percentage marks for each bit of the assessment, or it may be that you agree that all of the marks for this module should be allocated to the final assessment - this would show a weighting of 100% to the final assessment. Alternatively you may decide that the final assessment should have a certain proportion of the total allocated to it and the interim assessment the remainder - so you may agree that the weighting of the interim assessment is 30% and the final assessment is 70%. Each of the assessments will still be marked out of 100. If you want further explanation you should discuss the idea with your tutor and then decide on the weighting allocation. 

 The local council was involved in all boroughs to a greater or lesser extent. In each, two community groups or schools were selected: one contact in Greenwich failed to develop. The team met with each group to draft the question that would be answered. In the second phase the team analysed data and recruited additional data where necessary. Stage 3 involved a further series of workshops to feed back the results to the communities and schools and to discuss ideas for follow-up action. 

 Young Citizens In Action, Belfast A youth programme to support and resource young people aged 16-30 involved in volunteering, or who would like to be. 16 - 20+ Young Citizens In Action (YCIA), a Voluntary Service Belfast Initiative, is an exciting youth programme which aims to support and resource young people aged 16-30 who are involved or would like to become involved in volunteering. The programme operates under five key themes: - Volunteering - Citizenship - Peer Education - Community Relations - Youth Information Over the last years YCIA has developed numerous youth led projects, which have enabled young people to take ownership of the programme and to become more active as citizens. A management committee of 12 young people who are all volunteers meet once a month to discuss ideas for projects and to update each other on current events. 

 A recent UK government committee on the ethics of gene therapy concluded that germ line therapy was ethically unacceptable, but that somatic gene therapy could go ahead. The world's first somatic gene therapy trial in humans was carried out in 1990 on two young girls suffering from ADA deficiency, a very rare fatal genetic defect which meant they had virtually no immunity against infection. Today they are able to lead normal lives. There are now over 30 different clinical trials of gene therapy in the US, and the first trial in the UK was started earlier this year. In a recent national TV programme in the US, doctors discussed the idea of making prenatal genatic screening routine and selective abortion of unhealthy children compulsory in order to cut health care costs" Although none of these trials are seeking to make changes which can be passed onto future generations, powerful techniques which might allow germ line gene therapy are already being developed. 

 To Baudrillard, hyper-reality is such that it can comfortably and endlessly encompass both the vegan squat cafe and Marco Pierre White, and it is not a matter of an opposition between authenticity and illusion, or a dialectic of recuperation and detournement. If this is true, however, why do the institutions of power waste time and resources destroying traveller and squat communities? Why have television stations refused to sell Kalle Lasn advertising space? In the end, to challenge the passivity that wrings its hands at, yet accepts, environmental pollution, exploitation, the alliance of government and big business in Third World oppression, structural unemployment and a carceral approach to social problems, we must create intellectual and psychological freedom. To do this, we must be able to discuss ideas, tactics and know what is being done, globally. 

 This will take the form of a workshop, run by Global Action, for teachers based on incorporating environmental education into the curriculum. Example lesson plans, support and advice will be provided by Global Action, ENCAMS and SWAC. Feedback will be provided from one of the winning schools and another prize draw will be held with three paid field trips to the West Burton Power Station for another three schools. The discovery centre at West Burton has a tailor-made activity programme for Key Stage 2 pupils on energy, electricity and power. YSYE is a unique opportunity for teachers and environmental organisations to come together to network, discuss ideas and generate enthusiasm for environmental education. 

 ICMS therefore particularly welcomes proposals for workshops in rapidly-developing and newly-emerging areas where there is a need to evaluate new developments quickly. ICMS will respond quickly to such proposals. Organisers can expect preliminary comments from reviewers in 8 weeks. Decisions will be made by the Programme Committee four times a year (December, March, May and September). Small meetings can be organised in 6-8 months from acceptance. Potential organisers should contact ICMS as early as possible to discuss ideas before submitting a firm proposal. 