--flood market-- 

 Pete Riley, Senior Food Campaigner at Friends of the Earth, said: "Food containing detectable levels of GMOs must not be exempt from GM labelling regulations. Consumers want and expect GM-free food. Many food manufacturers already reach much stricter contamination targets than the feeble levels planned by the European Commission. The UK Government must listen to the public mood on this issue and fight for much tougher standards. Anything less would be a victory for the biotech industry and its policy of attempting to flood the market with unsegregated GM ingredients". 

 In 1999, lots with over 1,000 head of cattle comprised 2% of all feedlots, but marketed 85% of feed-lot cattle. Those with over 32,000 (think about that - 32,000) head, comprised much less than 1% of lots, but produced 40% of feed-lot cattle. Take sheep - in New Zealand, long exposed to world markets, sheep are effectively ranched, and survival of the fittest, both animals and businesses is the order of the day. Livestock producers in the UK cannot hope to compete with this low cost production. Indeed, there are even signs now that the US is becoming worried about even lower-cost imports flooding their own market. 

 Given that US-Saudi relations cooled substantially in the wake of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks - rifts that may widen further - a Saudi competitor would not be unwelcome in Washington. An unnamed US diplomat confided to Scotland's Sunday Herald that "a rehabilitated Iraq is the only sound long-term strategic alternative to Saudi Arabia. It's not just a case of swapping horses in mid-stream, the impending US regime change in Baghdad is a strategic necessity. Washington would gain enormous leverage over the world oil market. Opening the Iraqi spigot would flood world markets and drive prices down substantially. 

 The Aussie actor, best know for playing Wolverine in the X-Men trilogy has been voted best celebrity dad in the magazine's online poll, beating other A-list fathers including Will Smith and Tom Cruise to take pole position. The doting dad won 28% of the votes, narrowly beating Johnny Depp who walked away with 26% of the total count. Hugh, who has two adopted kids Oscar, five, and baby girl Ava, de... Read more Jack Black furious at lack of million dollar photo offers for baby pics Hollywood star Jack Black is reportedly furious that he hasn't received any multi-million dollar offers from magazines for photos of his new son Samuel according to Itv.com. According to the channel, the King Kong star blames the recent spate of high-profile births for "flooding the market". 

 Glastonbury and other big festivals had stalls where you could buy recordings of bands who had played only hours before! It was not until the Early 90s that these stalls were raided and the festival bootlegs declined. By Then a new format was revolutionising the industry Bootleggers were quick to realise the potential of CDs and the record companies were desperately slow. Instead of promoting the new format with innovative releases record companies planned to make it impossible to bootleg, as every pressing plant was supposed to leave a unique signature on it's discs. The system failed and soon Live CDs flooded the market. 

 The latter was an innovation introduced by Henry Ford, and those techniques have therefore become collectively known as "Fordism. The productivity of the great American enterprises rose spectacularly; for example, already in the twenties countless vehicles rolled off the assembly lines of the automobile factories of Michigan every single day. But who was supposed to buy all those cars? Most Americans at the time did not have sufficiently robust pocket books for such a purchase. Other industrial products similarly flooded the market, and the result was the emergence of a chronic disharmony between the ever-increasing economic supply and the lagging demand. 

 Meanwhile, most domestic industry associations and exporters have come to realize that it is high time to change the growth mode and increase added value in export products. With the conventional mode of export growth, we're selling labor-intensive products to the world market for a meager profit," said Yu. China has to spend 21 million US dollars to import an airplane, yet sells a pair of leather shoes for just 2.5 US dollars, he said. That means we have to export 8.4 million pairs of shoes to buy an airplane. China is accused of "flooding" the world market with its goods. 

 Balblair Farm was tenanted at the time by a man named Simpson; in Whitsun 1798, the lease of the farm was taken over by one John Ross. John Ross had been distilling at Balblair since 1790, and it was he who now set about turning a small pot still into a bigger commercial enterprise. These were different times from the whisky business of today. Peat and water were plentiful locally, but barley had to be milled and malted elsewhere and brought lo lhe distillery by horse and cart. Smugglers flooded the market with whisky of doubtful quality. 

 Depreciation on city cars is bound to be low, simply because their values do not have very far to fall. It's something of a triumph for MPVs (which, in the Alliance & Leicester study, includes 4x4s) that they are far more expensive than city cars but depreciate at a similar rate. By means of a completely different category system, Alliance & Leicester broadly agrees with the trends found by Glass's, though it is more pessimistic about the values of the Superminis. By far its lowest rating is for Family Cars, by which it means the repmobiles described by Glass's as Upper Medium. Ex-fleet cars flooding the secondhand market are the problem here, though again this is only bad news if you buy a new model privately. 

 This sector is more likely to address packaging change than any other industry, which is to be expected in light of the EC's Directive on Packaging. The White Paper 'This Common Inheritance' has set a target to divert 50 per cent of recyclable household waste away from landfill by the year 2000; at the moment just 14 per cent is recycled. A total of 65 per cent of companies have made some changes to minimise the use of packaging, and of those who produce paper and card, 90 per cent recycle it. However, if the food and retailing industry is to meet government targets for recycling, it needs to find markets for this material. These potential markets are supplied by France and Germany which have flooded world markets with packaging made from Continental waste. 

 --saturate market-- 

 Are diamonds only sentimental or do they have business common sense? Do diamonds have liquidity? What about the value of diamonds during depressed times? Have diamonds had any recent recession or drop? Why have diamonds risen steadily? So do you think diamonds will ever saturate the market to cause prices to drop? 

 With one of the agri-giants reputed to be developing a courgette with a human conscience, this book examines the far reaching implications of genetic engineering. Customer Rating: Review Summary: A must read for anyone who eats (and thats everyone! Review: This is a well written book that provides the facts about modern genetically modified foods such as corn and soy and explores the different avenues by which these foods can be harmful to us as well as other animals. The book does not tell you what you should do, but it really does not have too because the evidence the authors provide is so compelling, that anyone who reads this book will think twice about their next purchase at the store. The book also explores the nature by which large corporations such as Novartis and Monsanto are able to saturate the market with their products before ample (or any kind of) testing is performed 

 Lillian, Shula, Joe, Eddie, Tom, Jennifer, Peggy Shula is still a bit sensitive about her new car when Lillian pops by. Lillian also notices that things aren't right between Shula and Alistair but Shula won't talk about it. Eddie is struggling a bit with selling his statues. People don't seem interested in them anymore. He may have saturated the market. 

 'Age' The length of time a MUA has been around can reveal a great deal about it. First, it obviously works, and is likely to be relatively free of bugs. It is therefore stable. However, unless it is frequently updated with new features and puzzles, it also runs the risk of being stale. Furthermore, if it has a comparatively fixed-size user base then it can saturate the market, ie. everyone who is going to try it has now done so. 

 When John Strachan quit the Army in 1989 he had little idea what to do next. He had enjoyed five years' service as an officer in the Royal Highland Fusiliers but sensed it was time to get out. 'I just knew that it was not going to be a long-term thing for me,' says Strachan, noting that he had seen several colleagues drift into unemployment and struggle to find a career after life in the armed forces. His first business venture took him into paintball, the leisure pursuit personified by images of aggressive Rambo wannabes. In 1989, the game was only beginning to take off in Scotland, but within the year 16 companies had saturated the market and Strachan knew he would have to diversify. 

 BT speaks with forked tongue (29 June 1999) BT has finally said something about something. In fact, it has said two things about something. On Thursday a very senior employee told a meeting that BT would start to offer broadband services over its local loop in August 1999; then a report in the Sunday Times said it would not do so unless it was given exclusive rights by OFTEL to develop such services for three years. So, if this suggestion was accepted, until 2002 nobody else would be allowed to run broadband services over BT's local loop. This would allow BT to saturate the market for broadband services between mid-2001 (when OFTEL restrictions on BT becoming a broadcaster are lifted) and then, thus severely limiting future competition. 

 As market forces have put pressure on these and similarly structured arrangements, business failures have occurred, unexpected alliances have evolved and operating margins have all but disappeared. Clearly, these are the conditions in which bold moves make sense. DDPMA had enjoyed a unique position among comparable plans. Consistently "profitable" from operations, the company had enjoyed a decade of growth at rates four times the GNP. Within the business case as originally conceived, Delta had nearly saturated its available market. 

 We have yet to see which companies will do well and survive, and which will fade away. Products are also distributed unevenly. Products available in Europe may not have support in the US, while support for CMS products throughout Asia is generally weak. Content management vendors are on an uneven footing when it comes to advertising their products. The big vendors can afford to saturate the market with advertising (one prominent US vendor sponsors the replay at my local ice hockey arena). 

 The end result has been a tightly controlled oligopolistic market, in which the conglomerates have a practically monopolistic access to the global distribution networks. On top of this, they have at hand the possibility of using their multiple outlets for cross-promotion, effectively eschewing competition as it is theoretically understood. Especially, though not exclusively, American companies came out on top in this "urge-to-merge" - the long-standing commercial nature of the American Broadcasting meant that they had a head start and a foothold in the profitable US market (ibid). But while the American market is still the biggest in the world, and one any conglomerate must penetrate in order to secure their standing in and amongst the oligopoly, the conglomerates are now looking elsewhere to maximise their profits. Having almost saturated their markets in the North, [the Western-based media conglomerates] are increasingly looking towards the 'emerging markets' of the South, especially Asia and Latin America" (Thussu, 1998: 63). 

 I have just not been listening to very much reggae. I haven't felt the need to listen to very much reggae. Or rather I hadn't. The underlying reason has been the state of the reggae salvage industry. On one hand Trojan has been saturating the market. 