--follow profession-- 

 These notes are made from a copy of John Speed's map of Hampshire published 1611. The item used is in the Map Collection of Hampshire CC Museums Service, item HMCMS:KD1996.16. This study concentrates upon what can be seen from the map; studies of the background of county mapping in England, and map makers have been published elsewhere. John Speed John Speed was, perhaps, born at Farndon, Cheshire, 1552. He was admitted to the the Merchant Taylors Company, 1580; following his father's profession. 

 Parks should receive sensitive, environmentally friendly schemes that benefit the local community such as those at Mile End and Battersea. The Campaign, established in response to the development, has an extensive database of active supporters. We are not, as sometimes depicted, a romantic minority, obstructing progress. We are thousands of tax paying citizens desperately concerned about the effect of these proposals upon our lives. We do not need to speculate: our concerns are based upon the experience of the lawyers, transportation experts, planners, environmentalists, local government officials, magistrates, probation officers, doctors and social workers who, when not following their professions, are dedicated Campaigners. 

 The Life and Exploits of Anne Bonney This female pirate, Anne Bonney was a native of Cork. Her father was an attorney, and, by his activity in business, rose to considerable respectability in that place. Anne was the fruit of an unlawful connexion with his own servant maid, with whom he afterwards eloped to America, leaving his own affectionate and lawful wife. He settled at Carolina, and for some time followed his own profession; but soon commenced merchant, and was so successful as to purchase a considerable plantation. 

 Walter Scott was born on August 15, 1771 in College Wynd , Edinburgh. He was the ninth child of Walter Scott, Writer to the Signet, and Anne Rutherford, but five of his siblings had already died in infancy, and a sixth, Barbara, was to die when he was five months old. Scott's father was heir to a junior branch of the Scotts, a bellicose and litigious clan who since the tenth century had played a prominent role in the warfare and internecine strife that wracked the Border region. On his mother's side, he descended from the Haliburtons of Newmains who brought to the Scott family the hereditary right of burial in Dryburgh Abbey. Walter senior was the first of his family to move to Edinburgh and to follow a profession. 

 Blanch started by relating a brief history of the Korean people and the important contributions they had made to civilisation and world culture. Coming to the 20th century she conveyed the heroic struggle of the Korean people, their people's organisations and their great leader Kim Il Sung in defeating first the Japanese invaders, then the US in the Korean War and then going on to rebuild the whole country and construct socialism. She then went on to convey to the audience an account which revealed her great warmth for the Korean people and their way of life today. What particularly impressed her was a society completely at ease with itself, free from the anarchy and violence of western societies. Women were truly free to follow their professions and on a number of occasions she mentioned the special attention paid to caring for the children, something which she had never seen before. 

 - 5 years ago in Tottenham, we began to focus more of our energies on the attainment levels of our young people, and GCSE results have improved for the fifth year in succession, and the proportion of students achieving 5 A* to C grades at GCSE has hit 50 % for the first time in Haringey's history, up from 31% five years ago. It needs to be higher. - Improvement by African Caribbeans at GCSE rose by more the national average last year, but it needs to improve faster every year until we have eliminated the achievement gap altogether. - Many of us in this room today recognise the difficult environment that these young people describe all too well. Why? Because we grew up in it. - We know that however many of us have gone on to succeed in what we wanted to achieve, to follow a profession, to pursue our dreams, there were too many more that were left behind. 

 He paid her a regular visit whenever he went to Woolsthorpe, and he liberally relieved her from little pecuniary embarrassments which seem to have occasionally beset her family. At the death of the Rev. Mr. Smith in 1656, his widow, Sir Isaac's mother, left the rectory of North Witham, and, accompanied with her three children, Mary, Benjamin, and Hannah Smith, took up her residence at Woolsthorpe, which Mr. Smith had rebuilt. At this time Newton had reached his fifteenth year, and had acquired all the learning which a provincial school could supply. It does not appear that he had thought of following any particular profession, and it is probable that his mother intended to bring him up as a farmer and grazier, Note: Mrs. Hutton mentioned to Mr. Conduitt that this was the profession to which Newton was to be brought up. 

 I believe he has eight or 10 hundred acres, keeps 30 or 40 men at work regularly, has erected a fine saw mill, which can cut two thousand feet of timber in 12 hours. Two steam boats come up to his very door. Of course his house is like an open tavern every day. Beautifully situated on the river Otowabec which flows into Rice Lake which you may see on the map. I start however, for the district of Cavan about 10 miles from hence where I intend to take up my headquarters for the winter and follow my profession. 

 Conrad rarely met Gissing but he had a great admiration for him, and both authors shared a taste for continental literature, particularly for Flaubert, Maupassant, Zola and Daudet. The two letters contain Gissing's detailed comment and criticism of Conrad's work, and he seems to have been immensely impressed by Typhoon . Rather less well known than George Gissing is his younger brother, Algernon Gissing (1860-1937). He was born in Wakefield, the third son of Thomas Gissing, the botanist, and was educated at a private school near Manchester. He was trained as a solicitor, and followed that profession in the north-west for a number of years, but eventually he moved to the country, where he and his invalid wife existed on a fairly meagre income. 

 He was admitted to the Middle Temple in 1774, and was called to the Bar in January, 1783. He attended the Welsh Circuits for a number of years, but devoted the latter part of his life to literary pursuits. He was acquainted with many of the literary and dramatic celebrities of his day. His closest friend in later life was Sir Richard Colt Hoare, Bart. who accompanied him on his "Tours" and to whom he dedicated his Pembrokeshire. In order to become better acquainted with Welsh history and antiquities generally, and to follow his profession on the Welsh Circuits, he took a house near Machynlleth. 

 --practise profession-- 

 The precise parameters of this right will unfold as further cases are brought. This could become an issue in relation to admission and exclusion decisions. It is likely, but not certain, that the requirement of Article 6, that bodies deciding matters of civil rights should provide a fair trial of the issue, applies to student disciplinary hearings. This requirement raises questions as to how far internal hearings should be public and the extent to which the decision-maker should be independent of the institution. The European Court of Human Rights cases show that where a person's right to practise a profession is to be determined by a public body's decision, provisions relating to the right to a fair trial are likely to apply. 

 In 1935 moral persecution of artists led to physical repressions. Under a ludicrous pretext of 'dissemination of pornography' Alexander Grinberg was sent to one of Stalin's labour camps. The charges followed the exhibition Masters of Soviet Photography , held in 1935, where that master of international renown showed his studies of the naked form. Nudes were purged from Soviet photography. Vassily Ulitin was exiled from the capital, and virtually all pictorialists lost their right to practise their profession. 

 Examinations and certification There is no compulsory examination at the end of primary education nor, in most Länder, at the end of compulsory, full-time lower secondary education. However, there are leaving certificates from some types of lower secondary school, which grant access to certain types of upper secondary education. The main academic qualification on completion of upper secondary education is the Abitur, which allows successful students to progress to higher education. Successful completion of many of the vocational courses offered in full-time vocational schools at upper secondary level either enables students to enter higher education or to practise a particular profession. 

 You will receive an entry certificate endorsed 'Working Holiday', which is placed in your passport. You must enter the UK by the date shown on it. You will receive a validating stamp from the Immigration Control upon entry and they may ask to see evidence that you have sufficient funds for your partial support during the holiday and/or may also wish to see your return ticket or evidence that you are able to buy one. You must fully intend to leave the UK at the end of your stay. If you are a qualified professional and wish to practise your profession you cannot use your Working Holiday Visa as a means to continue with this line of work within the UK. 

 Just think of all organisations in the world that need financial advice and money management services; governments, businesses, manufacturers, retailers, airlines, theatres, football clubs, charities and people - millionaires, small trades, pop stars. Accountants can and do work for all of them. There are two levels of accountancy work. Professionally qualified accountants have studied for several years and usually belong to one of the major professional bodies. The qualification awarded by such a body gives them the right to practise the profession. 

 However, the eventual horror of it all, by the end of the Second World War, then gave rise to a rediscovery of a sense of natural law - namely that some things are so immoral there can be no arguments for them. Such an ethical consciousness is hinted at in Romans 2.14-15. And Christians were in the fore in this rediscovery which then gave rise to the UN Declaration of Human Rights in 1948 and, very significantly, the Medical Code of Ethics, the Declaration of Geneva, from the second General Assembly of the World Medical Association in 1948. This required the new doctor to say: "I solemnly pledge myself to consecrate my life to the service of humanity ... I will practise my profession with conscience and dignity; the health and life of my patient will be my first consideration ... 

 In Malaysia, the word 'accountant' is protected as provided for under the provisions of the Act which states that no one can hold himself out or practise as an accountant unless he is registered as a member of MIA. To date, MIA has over 22,000 members who are registered as any one of the following: Chartered Accountants, Licensed Accountants or Associate Members. The Institute's statutory functions are, inter alia: 1. To determine the qualifications of persons for admission as members; 2. To provide for the training and education by the Institute or any other body, or persons practising or intending to practise the profession of accountancy. 

 UK National Reference Point for Vocational Qualifications Oriel House Oriel Road Cheltenham GL50 1XP Tel: 01242 260225 Website: www.uknrp.org.uk/ Professional and Occupational Qualifications To enable nationals to work in other Member States without having to re-qualify for professional or occupational qualifications, the General System for Mutual Recognition of Professional Qualifications was introduced. The system is operated by means of two European Directives, 89/48/EEC and 92/51/EEC. The Directives cover between them all regulated professions and occupations. To be eligible for assessment under Directive 89/48/EEC you must have successfully completed a post secondary course of at least three years duration, at a university or establishment of higher education. You must also have successfully completed any professional training required to enable you to practise the profession concerned. 

 Is there a need for some kind of compulsion? Or are there some other alternatives? In an editorial in the same issue of the THES, ILT proposals do not address the real concerns , it was suggested that one of the things needed in UK higher education is a "professional body with the power to strike off those who are seriously deficient". The implication of this is that membership of the body (perhaps the ILT) will be compulsory and that this body would have similar powers of dismissal to those enjoyed by bodies such as the Medical Council if the member is found to be seriously deficient (presumably in teaching!). Is there a system anywhere in the world in which a teacher, at any level, can be "struck off" and not be allowed to practise his/her profession because of 'serious deficiency' in teaching skill and expertise? 

 Constitutional Council bill passed The Assembly of the Republic on 21 October passed the second reading of an amended bill setting up a Constitutional Council. This is the body empowered to decide whether legislative and statutory acts of state bodies are in accordance with the constitution, to settle conflicts of competence between sovereign state bodies, and to supervise elections. It is the Constitutional Council that must take the final decisions on electoral complaints, and validate election results. The Constitutional Council will eventually have seven members - five elected by the Assembly, one appointed by the President of the Republic, and a seventh member chosen by the other six. All must possess law degrees, and must have practised a legal profession for at least eight years without interruption. 