--frame question-- 

 Volume 5 was begun after volumes on Africa and America, but before the volumes for Asia and Europe. Of the comprehensive plan only the road atlas and plans of London and Westminster were achieved. A Royal Warrant of 24 August 1671 authorised John Ogilby, Royal Cosmographer, to make the necessary surveys and enquiries, with access to public records. Ogilby issued sets of 'Queries' to provide some standard approach to the data gathering for his county mapping. Hooke, Aubrey and Wren, Fellows of the Royal Society, were involved in framing these questions to support the county atlas. 

 Most fundamentally, the unprecedented ability ICT creates to collect, store, retrieve, reversion, manipulate and transmit data may increasingly bridge the gap between assessment for learning and the more formal assessments of examination and inspection regimes. If this gap is to close, as ever, ICT will be necessary but far from sufficient. While it is unimaginable that the future of learning will be divorced from ICT, it will equally take social, cultural and professional shifts to take us there. More tangibly, examples in personalised assessment, learning to learn and the assessment of joined-up provision seem to be at the leading edge of ICT's use in assessment. In the remainder of this paper, we flesh out these developments, and use them to frame three key questions surrounding ICT and assessment. 

 Seamless meets the 7 critical tests outlined in the key local e-government paper e-gov@local [21], namely: it is joined up and accessible; it is delivered and supported electronically, jointly and seamlessly (this counts as 3 tests); it is open and accountable; and it is used by people. Many organisations have contributed information to the gateway including: 'Age Concern', the BBC, UK Online and NHS Direct Online. The project exemplifies effective public sector partnership between councils at various levels (district, unitary etc.) and Essex Fire and Police Services, local educational establishments, and voluntary organisations. A semi-automatic metadata tool (SeamlessUK.dot) was developed which is template based, and the metadata used throughout is based on Dublin Core, and is e-government compliant. The event ended with a final panel session with delegates breaking out briefly to frame any last minute questions for our presenters. 

 Through the programme students gain a critical awareness of current scholarship in selected fields of comparative theatrical theory and performance history, as well as a comprehensive understanding of the techniques and methods required to pursue independent research in the discipline. By the time they complete the MA, students have thorough knowledge of their chosen specialist field of research in theatre history and/or performance theory, and the critical and evaluative skills to define an individual path of further research. Students work one-to-one with their supervisor, and in small research groups. The programme develops high-level skills in research methodologies, including using bibliographical, archive and research resources. Individual guidance allows students to frame original research questions and interests, and prepares them to communicate their ideas to peers and the wider scholarly community of the discipline. 

 Compare and Contrast: the impact of digital image technology on art history Keywords: art history, methodology, digital visual resources Introduction In this paper I want to outline the rationale and methodology of a project which is being carried out at the University of Northumbria. The researchers are myself, and Margaret Graham. Margaret's background is as an information manager and she is currently Research and Development Manager of the Institute of Image Data Research at the University. I am a design historian and my role in this project is to frame the questions about the discipline, which we hope to answer using questionnaires and structured interviews. 

 Much of the literature on unmediated, and therefore less 'expert' access to iconographical research collections assumes that searchers will have a hierarchy of more or less abstract 'keywords' for what they expect the image to contain. The analysis of the subject of images is, for most authors, based ultimately on Panofsky's pre-iconography/iconography/iconology schema or on Karen Markey's work on access to specialist picture collections, which draws upon it. The pessimistic conclusion of most researchers looking at this problem is that the burden of access will fall more heavily on the users, given the variability of subject cataloguing amongst diverse collections. For our purposes the principal weakness of these user studies is that they are of mediated searches, that it written or recollected queries given to an information manager. How, we must ask, do the image users themselves, the art historians, typically frame their questions? 

 Learning outcomes On completion of the course, you will have acquired appropriate practical skills and have a highly developed understanding of their application within your field. You will be able to create and sustain complex arts projects, informed by knowledge of developments at the forefront of your discipline, and develop and maintain arts projects with a high level of understanding of your own processes. You will be able to effectively manage and challenge the limits of your own learning. In addition you will have the ability to apply the methods and techniques that you have learned to review, consolidate, extend and apply your knowledge and understanding, and to initiate and carry out projects. You will also critically evaluate arguments, assumptions, abstract concepts and data (that may be incomplete), to make judgements, and to frame appropriate questions to achieve a solution - or identify a range of solutions - to a problem. 

 Businesses that support upward mobility for selected managerial women while relying on a disempowered female workforce may earn praise from liberal feminists, but they do little to satisfy more radical feminist critiques. The feminism I speak from is more radical because it finds the existing power structures unacceptable no matter who is at the helm. It is informed primarily by two competing impulses: one to create a "woman centered" understanding of the world and a contrary one to deconstruct the distinction between margin and center. The relation between the two is complex, full of tension and opportunity. Both impulses frame the questions of moral and political life around the problematic of gender, but in different ways. 

 There were stumps here and there where other branches had been lopped off. In my concern for her, I went over to ask how she was doing. I was thinking in human terms. I rested my hands on her trunk and thought about her plight, stuck there close by a busy main road, swung on by passing children, abused or peed on by occasional drunks. I framed my question: "What is your wyrd"? 

 What was urgently needed was a constitutional commission in the form of an adjudicatory body. Examples of the questions it should answer included the following: When and under what circumstances should a national referendum be deemed mandatory? What issues should be subject to a referendum? What about regional referendums? Who should frame the vital question? 

 --pose question-- 

 The only way left over to you to make your God impartial is that you must accept that your God appeared in all the countries at a time in various forms and preached your path in various languages. The same form did not appear everywhere and the same language does not exist everywhere. The syllabus and explanation are one and the same, though the media and teachers are different. Can you give any alternative reasonable answer to my question other than this? Certainly not! Any person of any religion to any other religion can pose this question. 

 With the growing acceptance that an examination-focused assessment system isn't appropriate for all, Gareth Mills, Head of Futures and Innovations at the Qualification and Curriculum Authority (QCA), provides insight into how his sketches for a future assessment landscape are taking shape. No-one criticises winter flowers for blooming 'late' nor great inventors for not coming up with their ideas sooner. So why do we expect millions of individuals to be exam-ready at the same time each year? Only a decade or so ago, the answer was relatively straightforward; paper and pencil tests were the only viable way of assessing large numbers of students against an agreed set of criteria. But, as Mills points out, if you pose the question in the modern world of blogs, pods and cams it opens up a world of possibilities. 

 With Norton Internet Security 2001, Symantec aims to provide a complete package of countermeasures comprising three main products offering firewall, anti-virus and information privacy utilities. Originally released last year, version 3 sees improved intrusion protection, a handy Security Assistant, the ability to create a Trusted Zone for computer networks and a pop-up Alert Tracker. Installation is simple and each utility is accessed easily from a single interface. The Security Assistant immediately comes into action by posing a number of questions to determine the levels of protection you require. 

 Africa Action calls for the cancellation of Africa's foreign debt, which we consider in large part to be illegitimate, based on its origins and consequences. We consider the present and past attempts to deal with the debt crisis to be absolutely insufficient, and we oppose the existing debt relief framework, developed and controlled by creditors and designed to function only in their interests. Africa Action opposes conditionalities imposed by Northern creditors which perpetuate a global economic system where Africa remains economically controlled by the developed world. We believe that the costs of debt cancellation should be borne by the creditor nations and the International Financial Institutions, and moreover, we believe that the global North owes Africa an historical debt for centuries of exploiting the continent's human and natural resources. We therefore pose the question, "who really owes whom?". 

 'With this view, we tackle the mysteries of the dyslexic brain and even admit that brain variation is an asset for the human species....dyslexia exists only in the context of today's society, a fleeting moment in geological time. Indeed, we humans have been illiterate far longer than we have been literate.....Given the challenges we face in our unstable natural and social environments, alternate brain designs might be important assets, even pivotal. Definitions of dyslexia have frequently focussed solely on poor literacy skills. The importance of the global nature of dyslexia, has therefore been diminished. My research has led me to pose questions as to the true understanding of the nature of dyslexia and whether there is a proper awareness of the lifelong difficulties that lateral thinking dyslexics face in a world that, is geared to linear organisation. 

 In 1947 he was doggedly denying even the possibility of a capitalist boom. Gerry Healy performed the same dumb trick right into the 50s. Trotsky's Transitional programme was defended to the letter, along with its false premise that the system is in permanent, absolute decline. Production and GDP must contract. The operative conclusion being that strikes against wage cuts would flatly pose the question of working class state power and ending the capitalist system. 

 In essence, the UK government's agenda revolves around the question: "Why not change the way we travel? while transport substitution asks: "Why not change the way we work? "Why not change the way we shop? "Why not change the way we have (other kinds of) fun? "Why not change the way we send things? In posing these questions, which reflect the capabilities of the ICT, the issues are taken beyond the normal realms of transport planners and engineers. 

 A group of independent photographic artists with MAs and Postgraduate Diplomas in photography from De Montfort University are exhibiting their work in Kidderminster and London over the coming months. Lightgeist - Spirit of Light will run from Saturday 5th to Sunday 27th October at the Library Gallery in Kidderminster and from Monday 4th to Sunday 10th November at Photofusion in Brixton, London. The exhibitors are drawn from a range of photographic backgrounds. Addressing diverse contemporary and social issues, the group has deconstructed the great themes of photography. Using a range of different presentation techniques, the Lightgeist artists aim to establish a dialogue with the viewer, posing questions about their own life. 

 We now know that celebrities are just like us. In fact, they could be us. They all do the same things 'ordinary' people do - they shop, do their washing and look like crap when they go to the corner shop on a weekend morning. This raises some real concerns to me about the economic value of celebrities. Although Walkers Crisps and AMV may beg to differ, is the huge investment in a celebrity really worthwhile when they aren't that different to you and me? I've probably posed more questions than answers. 

 It further refused to sign international laws against the export of personal weapons murdering 500,000 people a year, the UN Convention on the Child, the Covenant Against Torture, the 2001 enforcement pact of the Biological Weapons Convention, and the original United Nations Declaration of Rights itself. The US is in these ways the quintessential "rogue state," a term it stopped applying to others when it became dear the meaning applied most of all to itself. Terrorist state" has been the next projection. Just before September 11, I neared the end of my next book, Value Wars. I posed a question which is more relevant afterward than before. 