--fuel debate-- 

 The 3 June Communication refers to the Communication on the common asylum policy and the Agenda for protection issued on 26 March 2003. Under the heading "Basic Premises of any new approach to the International Protection regime" it sets out a number of starting assumptions, on which the claimed need for new approaches is based, including: a crisis in the asylum system; a growing malaise in public opinion; abuse of the asylum system which, together with "mixed migratory flows", are on the rise and are often maintained by smuggling practices. The Communication maintains this phenomenon is a real threat to the institution of asylum and to Europe's humanitarian tradition and demands a structural response. It suggests that Member States could better deploy the major human and financial resources devoted to reception, lengthy processing and often refusing asylum claims and that there is a manifest need to explore new avenues to complement the stage-by-stage approach adopted at Tampere. While there may be some truth to some of these assumptions, Amnesty International would question whether they accurately reflect the asylum seeker's reality, as well as those political contexts which are fuelling the debate and those that are producing refugees and asylum-seekers. 

 In-between the doc also provides a look at Superman through the ages via his comic book appearances, including spin-offs featuring Jimmy Olsen and Lois Lane. It's certainly curious to see Superman's re-imaging over the years, up until his death and since, especially when after all the shit he's gone through comic artists have simply ended up going back to his original form, proving the point that you should never fix something that's not broken. Personally speaking I'm only familiar with the classic Superman; seeing some of the creations for the first time on this doc does generate an odd response. But nonetheless it's a nice addition that's been carefully inserted, so that the evolution of the comic books is timed nicely and fits in with the discussion of each passing decade. In addition the comic book segments fuel further debate over Superman's heritage and they even get a little heavy into providing parallels between his family and his own individual being with mentions of particular gods and religious figures. 

 So far, the defence arguments in Düsseldorf have failed to make a convincing case. That, however, is largely because German law is relatively untested in this field, and corporate governance codes are immature. Although a new code follows the British practice and enjoins companies to set out in detail before shareholders the various component parts of individual directors' pay packages, few of them, if any, obey the new rules (which, in the UK, mean that remuneration reports often run to a dozen complicated pages). The outcome of the trial is unlikely to be jail sentences for the accused, although it may well bring hefty fines. But it certainly will fuel the national debate over economic reform and, with that, where the modern German company stands - not just in relation to its shareholders, but to all stakeholders. 

 If there is a violation -- if it's among the oil buyers -- it's up to their governments to take action. This leaves open the possibility that any oil firm paying Iraq's under-the-table oil surcharge could get away with it, according to industry analysts. Paying a surcharge is hard to prove, particularly when Iraq is dealing with sort of smaller, lesser known traders who come from countries that don't see eye-to-eye with the United States on sanctions," said Raad Alkadiri said of the Petroleum Finance Co. in Washington. Iraq's U.N.-sponsored oil sales are now picking up again after disruptions since December 1, when customers balked at buying oil after Baghdad asked for a 50-cent-per-barrel surcharge payment outside U.N. control. Iraq has enlisted a number of little-known companies to boost oil sales toward its two million barrels per day export target, fueling debate in international oil markets whether any are paying the surcharge. 

 The golden years of European funding are coming to a close. But will the afterlife be endless bliss or eternal torment? Austin Macauley observes the last rites In panic-stricken sectors of the media, the prospect of European enlargement is assuming nightmare proportions. Scare stories about Britain being overrun with Poles, Latvians and all manner of east Europeans when the European Union welcomes ten new members in May have sent the nation's collective stomach churning. But fear is also fuelling a fierce debate around the future of European structural funding after enlargement. 

 His plans for a coal and steel community paved the way for the integration process and today's European Union. This course assesses the conditions that made integration possible and explores the factors, economic, social and political, that have affected the process of the last half century. (This course is designed to complement course Mb4 in Part II, but may be studied independently) more special subjects... Full course description During the Second World War, many Resistance fighters contemplated a federal solution to the problems that had beset Europe in recent times. Their ideas fuelled debate at the Congress of Europe, which met in The Hague in 1948. 

 What does all this mean? Clearly the pharmaceutical industry is under pressure and the PhRMA initiative could be perceived as a timely response. Widespread adoption can only help to improve public image and restore trust in the industry. Importantly, rapid and successful implementation of this initiative could allow the industry to retain some control on its release of clinical data - hence the implementation date of October 1, 2004. Conversely, anything that is perceived as a delaying tactic is only likely to fuel the debate further. 

 Over the last number of years the introduction of structured resistance training into the conditioning programmes of multi-sprint sports, such as Gaelic football and hockey, has promoted widespread debate as to whether these two forms of training can be performed concurrently. To date the evidence has been inconsistent. For example, researchers have shown that when endurance training was performed in conjunction with strength training, the strength gains were not as pronounced and vice versa. Other researchers have suggested that these diverse forms of training could be performed together with training adaptations being accrued from both. This lack of clarity has unfortunately fuelled the debate, leaving coaches to rely on previous experiences and anecdotal evidence to develop their training programmes. 

 It is a society bursting with creativity despite stiff religious restrictions. It's a country where culture is helping shape public discussion and raise the national consciousness. It's also a land in transition, home both to children sequestered from birth and a world-renowned teenage film director. Makhmalbaf's emergence reflects what arguably is the revolution's most unexpected byproduct: a vibrant and original cinema that, in an ironic twist, now challenges many of the goals of the mullahs who toppled the shah. The saga of the twins, for example, has fueled heated debate about the degree of liberty the paternal clergy allows its flock, particularly its female flock. 

 Meanwhile, commoners on Holne Common on south-east Dartmoor have obtained a bracken crusher and are attacking bracken on their common three times a year. It is not as good as animals' feet, but it's much better than nothing. And with support from the Dartmoor National Park Authority's Sustainable Development Fund, the Dartmoor Preservation Association is testing various methods of bracken control on the archaeological features on its land at High House Waste, and on other sites on Dartmoor. We believe there should be a coalition of landowners, graziers, animal welfare bodies, nature conservation organisations, recreational users and archaeologists to promote a solution to the bracken problem. We hope the amendment to the Commons Bill, which will be proposed by Lord Greaves and debated in the House of Lords Grand Committee in early November, will fuel the debate. 

 --stimulate debate-- 

 What is more, they have retained their emotional, cultural and spiritual links with the country of their origin. This strikes a reciprocal chord in the hearts of people of India. Also, any longed-for return to the homeland now tends to be downplayed in favor of ideological identification or transnational practice that can link the scattered community with the homeland. Today, self-defined diasporas tend to find esteem - and a kind of strength-in-numbers - through using the term. This shift in the adoption and meaning of "diaspora" has undoubtedly caused some confusion and stimulated debate. 

 Students came well prepared and made good use of the opportunity to discuss their work in detail and identify their needs. Tutors gave students clear guidance on how to proceed and improve, and were supportive while encouraging students to develop their capacity for independent work. Seminars were more varied in quality. Among the characteristics of those judged to be excellent were clear aims and objectives; well-structured sessions, with good time management; high expectations of students; a challenging, lively and critical approach to the subject; a fast but suitable pace; well-prepared and attentive students, and frequent contributions by students. In some seminars, groups were skilfully sub-divided in order to stimulate debate between students, and visual aids were effectively used to reinforce learning. 

 Form & Function, 20th Century, Room 72 HISTORY, PERIODS & STYLES Form Follows Function, 20th Century, Room 72 Level: 3 All rooms in History, Periods & Styles: The objects on permanent display in this room were made between 1965 and 1990. It was a time when Modernist notions of function were in question and the issue of the interplay of form and function in design was much debated. The maxim 'Form Follows Function', has been central to the 'Functionalist' aesthetic of the 20th century. All the 20th century rooms showcase objects designed for the home and everyday life. They illustrate the interweavings of art and industry and aim to stimulate debate on issues relating to design. 

 These new profiles provide the framework for how we will respond to the proposed national pay system and pay progression within the new system. We have for the first time developed new job descriptions that reflect the actual work that staff do on a day to day basis, but more than that, pushes staff to develop new skills within a supportive framework that enhances the patient experience. We have with the staff identified over 100 ideas aimed at improving the service and the working lives of staff employed within our PCT. We are now at the stage where we are actively considering the impact this new initiative will have on our training and development activities. We aim to launch a new training directory in the autumn, which will link our educational activities to the national competency framework. The work we have undertaken has stimulated debate amongst colleagues with regard to existing structures and career paths, and it is likely that we will see the introduction of new jobs and roles as a direct consequence of this exercise. 

 A week later, loyalist paramilitaries shot dead seven people in a mainly Catholic pub close to the Waterside area of Derry/Londonderry. On the political front uncertainty reigned. Talks between the constitutional political parties in the province had broken down and the response of the republican and loyalist paramilitaries, and their associated political parties, to the Downing Street Declaration was not yet known when the fieldwork ended. The IRA and loyalist ceasefires were not, in fact, called until 31 August and 13 October 1994 respectively. These ceasefires have further stimulated the debate concerning future policing arrangements in Northern Ireland (see section 10 for further discussion), and have already led to the withdrawal of the army from the streets of urban areas, at least during daytime hours, and to a more "relaxed" form of policing by the RUC. 

 Their calls for workers to "recapture" Labour and return it to some mythical golden age is a dangerous delusion about the true, capitalist nature of this government. By contrast, more and more rank-and-file members recognise the need to create alternative political representation to advance their hopes for the future. Firefighters want their contribution to society recognised with a living wage and to ensure that changes to working practices are not at the expense of either their jobs or the communities they serve. None of this is on offer in Britain Plc, a country driven by commercial considerations and profit margins. This should stimulate the debate on the building of a political voice beyond New Labour and what kind of society we want to live in. 

 It would at least have been worth considering the possibility that Annie's death was a bigger blow because the Darwins had known and loved her for ten years, not merely a few weeks or months. That, of course, is the problem with sociobiology. Its successes encourage proponents to apply it to excess, failing, on occasion, to take due account of other factors. Which is what stimulates the backlash that leads to the change of name. But as sociobiology books go, this is a good one, well worth reading, and sure to stimulate further debate. 

 This is bound to have beneficial impact on American international, defense, and environmental policy. Therefore: Friends, let's all download http://ni4d.us and vote at www.Vote.org ! By supporting this initiative, we support ourselves and our posterity! A letter from Mr. Syd Baumel sent to the Simpol channel: ".... according to the first global survey conducted by theworldvotes , a large majority of the participating U.S. citizens says that citizens worldwide should have some influence in the US Presidential Elections. 12% of the voters say that the world community should have a direct say in the election. Yet, a 64-percent majority of the voters would prefer to influence the public opinion in the US more indirectly, by stimulating the debate on international issues. 

 It will review statements as part of the CPA assessment from 2006 and provide feedback on the process to the ODPM – but only on an exception basis. Is this an acceptable standard of scrutiny for an exercise promising results? The lightweight approach could encourage Gershon objectives to turn into an expensive bout of paper-pushing. Many feel the Government has put the cart before the horse. But Gershon has stimulated the debate about public sector efficiencies and there is evidence of local authorities delivering short-term efficiencies. 

 The boys --oops, sorry-- the guys have now produced a rap song rapping me and insisting that they "ain't no boy band. Point taken. For the record, they are an Islamic Hip Hop and Ragga Band; I checked out their website and am still being counseled from the experience. The pop culture article sparked a debate across the globe about music and Islam and what is haram. I mentioned that many eminent scholars throughout history had declared that music is haram, and for that I was called a "burnt-out Salafi" by one enraged individual. My editor expects me, as a columnist, to be provocative and produce thoughtful articles; otherwise, readers would simply switch off and read something else. The article stimulated a debate across the Ummah, and that can't be bad. 