--grasp meaning-- 

 Luisa, Pedagogy Student: After having lived through this experience, I perceive that in accordance to the kind of disability -- of course there is an exception for everything, but anyway -- it is necessary to come up with a specialized attendance that neither the school nor the teacher are prepared enough to provide. Tess, Psychology Student: This matter regards the preparation of the schools in being or not able to carry out this sort of work. I believe that the issue concerning the preparation of the schools and teachers has not been properly dealt with, but, for instance, we have had a lecture here from the director of APAE (institute that works with disabled people) and she mentioned a certain school she had recently visited which would be prepared to receive her students. We furthermore examined the dissertations and thesis from the Post-Graduation Programs in Education or Psychology of the FIHE/MG. In those programs, we looked for pieces of work -- focused on the inclusion process -- that had already been completed and handed over to the Institutions, so that we could grasp the meanings expressed by them. 

 'The song-poem story involves a succession of publishing and recording companies that have occupied the lowest rungs of the music industry ladder for over 100 years. By appropriating the rhetoric of the legitimate (so-called) music industry, the owners of such companies prey on the dual yearnings among the general public for access to the inner sanctum of show business and a means to get rich quick, as well as the fact that nearly everyone has written some sort of poem at one point in their life or another. Song-poem entrepreneurs (called "song sharks") manipulate these facets of human nature to deceive naïve individuals into subsidizing a quest to have their poem become the lyric of a smash hit record. In the parlance of this parallel-universe enterprise, "song-poem" is code for the originating verse. The reason that a code is resorted to bespeaks of the patronizing nature of the song-poem game: its proprietors believe that their typical customer is too dumb to grasp the meaning of the simple English word "lyric. 

 See Boer, make baas wake up. "No," said West; "you two lie down and sleep. I'll take the first watch. Ingleborough made no opposition, and after West had climbed up to a spot beneath a tree from which he could get a good stretch of the veldt in view, the others lay down at once and did not stir a limb till West stepped down to them, when the Kaffir sprang up without awakening Ingleborough. Olebo look for Boers now," he said. West hesitated, and the Kaffir grasped the meaning of his silence. 

 Nevertheless, this awesome description of the brown dwarf appears in the same text as the description of its celestial heavenly passage noted above. This is clearly no ordinary planet. It seems surrounded by nets, halos, cloak, lightning and flames, and this imagery described its appearance prior to the impact of one of its moons with Tiamat, ruling out these references as being explosions. They are clearly descriptions of Nibiru's actual appearance, although possibly in an excited state. If one thinks of the corona that one sees around the Sun during a total eclipse, one can begin to grasp the meaning of these verses. 

 How precise was the estimate of the treatment effects? (hint: look for confidence intervals) C. Will the results help locally? Can the results be applied to your work? (or, how different are the subjects in the study to the population you are interested in?) Were all the important outcomes considered? (and if any were neglected, does this affect the interpretation) Are the benefits worth the harms and costs? (this a bit of an "extra" and much research will not include cost benefit analyses, but if looking at how to choose different management options, and stick within budgets, such costings may be useful). Do not worry if you are having difficulty grasping the meaning behind each question. 

 If they share most basic assumptions, so that it is easy to arrive at clear-cut, mutually accepted definitions of terms, then facts and logic come to the fore. The argument is mostly a matter of filling in missing information and identifying unrecognized inconsistencies in one position or the other. But there is a whole other challenge when the disputants do not share assumptions and their meanings are subtly divergent. Then, before the task of engagement can be reduced to a factual and logical exercise, each person must find a way to make his terms conceivable to the other. This typically requires the use of metaphor; only through a kind of cognitive leap can we grasp a new meaning. 

 It is true indeed that not a sparrow drops unnoticed by the Mind of THE ALL - that even the hairs on our head are numbered, as the scriptures have said. There is nothing outside of Law; nothing that happens contrary to it. And yet, do not make the mistake of supposing that man is but a blind automaton - far from that. The Hermetic Teachings are that man may use Law to overcome laws, and that the higher will always prevail against the lower, until at last he has reached the stage in which he seeks refuge in the LAW itself, and laughs the phenomenal laws to scorn. Are you able to grasp the inner meaning of this? 

 To the extent that such arguments have helped to temper the immediate American response and provide a rather different agenda for the 'war on terrorism', Blair should be credited for his efforts, not dismissed as Bush's poodle. Furthermore, on one level at least, the general argument for the construction of a meaningful global community that could establish new ways of working leading to the betterment of life for all is one that can hardly be faulted. While it may not preclude military action, neither does it look entirely incompatible with the slogan 'Justice not Vengeance'. But we should not forget that this was the architect of New Labour talking and New Labour is a particular configuration within European social democracy, which itself has been drastically 'modernised' over the last twenty years or so. What are the implications of this for grasping the deeper meaning of Blair's vision? 

 Widdowson suggests we try to think in terms of "real English" - the real English of real English users. We know what real English is because it has been fully described in many corpus studies. Mr. Widdowson warns us to be careful about setting reachable goals for our students to achieve. He also encourages teachers to redefine authentic samples or examples of English. Authentic texts may not be real for learners in a classroom; it may be totally different from their cultural background and thus very difficult to grasp its meaning. 

 There, when they have eaten her bread and drunk her wine, they will leave folly behind and will gain wisdom and perception. The Reading and the Gospel both make God a host inviting people to eat and drink what he has provided for them. However, there is a crucial difference between this food and that given to the Israelites in the desert - and the bread and fish shared with the five thousand. These meals had definitely kept people alive - but, as evidence later in the Book of Exodus and in the Gospel we are reading at the moment suggests, it did not necessarily bring wisdom. The Israelites were still full of doubt and complaint - and many of the Jews listening to Jesus could not grasp the meaning of what they had witnessed. 

 --understand meaning-- 

 But I'm sure I'm willing enough, and give me time to get accustomed; so, Martha, wench, what's the use of crying so, and slapping me if I come near? This last was sotto voce , and had the effect of making Martha bounce out of the room, to be followed and soothed by her lover. Whereupon Miss Matty sat down and cried very heartily, and accounted for it by saying that the thought of Martha being married so soon gave her quite a shock, and that she should never forgive herself if she thought she was hurrying the poor creature. I think my pity was more for Jem, of the two; but both Miss Matty and I appreciated to the full the kindness of the honest couple, although we said little about this, and a good deal about the chances and dangers of matrimony. The next morning, very early, I received a note from Miss Pole, so mysteriously wrapped up, and with so many seals on it to secure secrecy, that I had to tear the paper before I could unfold it. And when I came to the writing I could hardly understand the meaning, it was so involved and oracular. 

 His own nature coming to the fore, Googluupo shot the man twice, in the head, with the pistol. It was done without thought, just like he had killed most of his own people -- and got into that fix in the first place. He had to stop, shaking like a Eklllee, as Allen, with increased energy, tried to escape and take control. There was no such thing as remorse. Googluupo couldn't have know what the word meant, nor understood its meaning if he had. 

 You are familiar - if you are at all the sort of reader I like - with the sort of scientific paper I mean. It is a paper you cannot make head nor tail of, and at the end come five or six long folded diagrams that open out and show peculiar zigzag tracings, flashes of lightning overdone, or sinuous inexplicable things called `smoothed curves' set up on ordinates and rooting in abscissae - and things like that. You puzzle over the thing for a long time and end with the suspicion that not only do you not understand it but that the author does not understand it either. But really you know many of these scientific people understand the meaning of their own papers quite well, it is simply a defect of expression that raises the obstacle between us. 

 Taking the violence out of nursery rhymes Pre-school channel Nick Jr has challenged the country to write new rhymes that can oust the "Pulp Fiction"-themed nursery rhymes of yesteryear. The top three rhymes will be made into a short animated film, to be screened later this year. The scheme is being backed by the children's author Michael Rosen - though he defends our grisly literary history. Dinah Morley, the deputy director of children's mental health charity Young Minds, believes that we learn nursery rhymes at such a young age and in such a manner that they have little potential for harm. Children learn them in a rote way, as a game, before they understand their meaning, she said. 

 That may well be a time of doubt and questioning; but that doubt and questioning can be a very creative process. It may also be for us (as it must have been for John) a time of physical and mental suffering; but remember - our Lord meets us supremely on the cross when all is darkest and most difficult; and that is when we often find we know him most powerfully present with us - Listen to another prisoner. Lt Gerald Coffee was imprisoned by the Vietnamese for 7 years: During his second Christmas in that rotten hellhole of a camp he made an amazing discovery. He had been stripped of everything by which he measured his identity: rank , uniform, family, money. And yet, alone in a cramped three by seven foot cell, he began to understand the meaning of Christmas. 

 The church also has games and a hay ride. Everyone has a lot of fun and it is somewhat safer than going house to house. Have a great day! Caligirl Army of One : I have seen the Army of One bumper sticker, commercials, and my cousin is also in the Army as a recruiter. I don't think I quite understood the meaning behind it. 

 Each day on his six day journey he met and was befriended by Aboriginal people who showed him the way and where to camp and find water. Around each camp ground he told the tale of his journey from Cornwall. The Aboriginal people later recounted his story to their communities as art, and from here our project evolves. The children worked in six groups of five students including a team leader acting as 'keeper' of their part of the story ('dreaming'). The six 'keepers' first worked together to understand secular meanings of symbols found in Aboriginal desert art. 

 Wonder Woman has declared herself judge, jury, and executioner, taking a foe's life in an act that was broadcast worldwide. Superman is under the influence of mind control. With the Justice League divided and a super-villain coalition openly targeting the heroes, ordinary civilians find themselves caught in the crossfire. The heroes have lost their way, their values, and their responsibilities. Only those who understand the true meaning of sacrifice are prepared to rectify this crisis - a crisis that originated in an alternate era when infinite earths collided in a cosmic cataclysm that erased history and lives. 

 This wasn't just a play on words, rather it was a demand that they should 'maintain a consistency between their words and their actions'. But I agree, that still does not absolve them from the need to speak truth to power. In our times when people spend so much time with TV and the internet, do they have the interest and time to read poetry? Many people believe that it is difficult to read poetry. Can everyone understand the meaning of a good poem, or is a skill necessary? 

 Some were crucified in the arena, others thrown to wild animals, and still others were burned alive as living torches to light Nero's garden at his Golden House. St. Peter died during the Neronian persecutions. Because of this most well known persecution, Nero was written into history as one of the most depraved and cruel of the Roman emperors. After all, Christians held worship services underground in the city tombs known as catacombs and they had mass where they ate the body and blood of Jesus Christ. This made the Romans think that the Christians were cannibals and the reason for this is because the Romans never understood the true meaning of receiving the body and blood of Jesus Christ. 