--leak report-- 

 Despite a formal contradiction between the parallels the actual meaning of the two versions is identical. We are assured that giving different versions of what Jesus said and when and why has no effect on reliability. I cannot think of any religious work which would not be reliable if people are allowed to present 'might-haves' and 'could-have-beens' as unchallenged explanations of problems. Perhaps you can come up with an error in the Qur'an or the Book of Mormon which cannot be fixed by the application of Blomberg's methods. All authors are reliable if, when they report letters and conversations which took place in secret, we suppose that there must have been a sympathiser who leaked these reports. 

 Bedfordshire Biggleswade, in Bedfordshire, has come under great pressure from the FBU to go on strike, but continued working. During the first strike there were over 30 FBU pickets, which the law sees as intimidatory rather than persuasion, which should only involve 6 pickets. The retained personnel were prevented from getting onto their station to record their availability, and went to meet at their local pub. They were followed by a FBU delegation who gave them a mouthful. When rebuffed they arranged to leak a stitch-up report to the local press that Biggleswade retained were in the pub on duty, which was not true. 

 This, together with the opening of Saddam International Airport at exactly the right psychological moment; the building, with Chinese help, of a new power station; and the repair of the pipeline to Syria, providing an outlet that will be very difficult to control all these things suggest that there is a mind in the Iraqi government capable of thinking about something other than whiskey and jet skis. We may assume that this mind does not belong to Uday. These developments are creating alarm and our government is anxious to remind us of Mr Hussein's inconceiveable wickedness. Hence the Guardian article on 'Murders and mutilation', based on a 'restricted' Foreign Office memo that they have 'obtained', somehow (the assumption being that the only reliable information is information the government doesn't want us to know. We are of course waiting for the person responsible for leaking this restricted report to be punished). 

 David Stewart Labour David Stewart was born in 1956 and educated at Hyndland Secondary School in Glasgow and Paisley College, Stirling University and the Open University where he studied social science, social work and management respectively. He worked as a social worker in Dumfries and then Dingwall. He was a Nithdale District councillor for two years and then an Inverness District Councill for eight years. In 1997, he was elected as MP for Inverness Nairn & Lochaber at his third attempt. He became a member of the Scottish Affairs Select Committee but was forced to resign in 1999 after he was caught leaking a report to then Scottish Secretary, Donald Dewar. 

 In his new year message to staff, Brunstrom declared that 2004 had been "a wonderful year" for the police. However, not everyone agreed ... Evening Leader -- 'Over-the-Top Police Chief Out of Touch' 11 January 2005 2005 off to a bad start An attempt to prosecute a former police officer for allegedly leaking documents to the press collapsed after the prosecution decided not to pursue the matter. Brunstrom was waiting to give evidence at the time. There have now been calls for an enquiry into the whole fiasco which is estimated to have cost up to £150,000. The case relates to the incident in Feb 2004 when someone leaked an official report stating former deputy chief constable Bill Brereton had been accused of bullying. 

 Atomic weapons facilities would be more likely to produce plutonium contamination, also not reported as a co-contaminant at Aldermaston. In other words, all factual evidence considered, the question must be asked, what were the Medias anonymous experts and government officials basing their claims on? Dr. Keith Baverstock exposed a World Health Organization (WHO) cover-up on depleted uranium in an Aljazeera article, "Washington's Secret Nuclear War" posted on September 14, 2004 . It was the most popular article ever posted on the Aljazeera English language website . Baverstock leaked an official WHO report that he wrote, to the media several years ago after the WHO refused to publish it. 

 The 1970s were a period of marking time. The Heath government of 1970-74 did not rely so much on irregular advisers, but continued to have some. Its main innovation was the Central Policy Review Staff, under Lord Rothschild, which was meant to give the prime minister and the cabinet non-departmental views, especially on longer term issues. It was composed of a mixture of political and civil service appointees; but their bias was would-be technocratic and interventionist, rather than partisan. It was abolished by Margaret Thatcher -- largely it was thought out of pique when she blamed it for leaking a report. 

 Is Chalabi just a crooked US stooge? Few foreign figures so polarise the Bush administration, but Ahmed Chalabi, leader of the most visible exile opposition group before the war, is likely to have a big influence over the government that emerges. Mr Chalabi, who previously left Jordan before a conviction for major fraud, insists from his headquarters in Nasiriyah that he has no intention of taking a leading political role in Iraq. Yet Mr Chalabi - after devoting two decades to opposing Saddam, and claiming to have survived nine assassination attempts - is thought unlikely to bow out gracefully. The CIA, with the State Department, his prime foe, recently leaked an internal report which concluded that Mr Chalabi had little support, even in his own Shia community. 

 Mr Amlot asked Mrs Dawn if she was on the list. She said she expected she was but did not believe there had been a faction. She said there had been differences of opinion over the Nottinghamshire County Council elections and telephone canvassing. Because there was not 100% support of all issues all of a sudden you are classed as a faction," said Mrs Dawn (left) . She said she had not leaked reports about the successes and failures of Labour's campaign to the Liberal Democrat candidate Mr Peter Harris, nor to the Advertiser, which led to an exclusive story about Mrs Jones criticising Newark Labour party members for not giving her enough support during her campaign. 

 1987: Epworth Press published "Every Other Inch a Methodist" by Douglas Cock on his years as a Recorder reporter. 1988: The Joint Church Press was launched, providing advertising opportunities across four denominational newspapers: the Methodist Recorder , the Baptist Times , the Church Times and the Church of England Newspaper. 1992: The Recorder's 7,000th edition (February 13). 1993: The Recorder printed its first April Fool story, "leaking" a report about the "complete standardisation of Methodist worship" which would require local preachers to wear a "uniform" and be trained in clowning and juggling! 

 --disclose report-- 

 Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to see personal information about you that we hold in our records. Should you have any queries please write to us at the above address. Money Laundering/ Proceeds of Crime Act UK money laundering regulations require us to obtain evidence of the identity of clients for whom we act at the start of business relationship. Foe companies (other then listed ones) evidence of identity will usually comprise a copy of certificate of incorporation, a list of directors, a list of shareholders and registered address. We are obligated to report to the National Crime Intelligence service any evidence or suspicion of money laundering at the first opportunity and we are prohibited from disclosing any such report. 

 This was refused by the Defendant, who put forward another offer of 80% liability discounting 20% for contributory negligence. The Defendant applied to the court for permission to rely on expert evidence from an accident reconstruction expert. We successfully opposed this application before the case management Judge on the grounds there was an adequate police report and an absence of any useful forensic data requiring expert analysis. The lay witnesses who saw the accident were generally supportive of our client. The Defendant later disclosed a report his insurers had obtained in any event from an accident reconstruction expert and indicated he planned to apply to the trial Judge for permission to call such evidence. 

 Although Cady's crimes are never less than repulsive, he is introduced as an amusing figure compared to the poorly adjusted Bowdens. When they are attempting to behave like a 'normal' family at the screening of Problem Child, we admire his obnoxiousness as he laughs loudly and blows cigar smoke: he's enjoying the film more than they are, and is laughing at its send-up of happy families. His assault on Lori later shocks us out of sympathising with him or laughing at him, and it is this sudden shift in tone which makes Cape Fear so disturbing: we enjoy his disruptive potential until it is fulfilled. Cady and Peyton have both, to some extent, been wronged by the law. Cady went to prison for longer than he would have done had Sam Bowden disclosed the report on his young victim's prior history. 

 This can be the keystone of the defence as well, although the defendant might be prepared to accept the plaintiff's evidence if it contains nothing controversial. At this stage it is worth emphasising that we still deal with personal injury litigation under an adversarial system. This means that neither side-plaintiff nor defendant-has an automatic right of access to the other side's medical (or any other) expert reports. Of course, the parties might agree to disclose expert reports, a practice which is encouraged by the Court of Appeal. 

 In developing countries, it should forego patent rights of drugs developed under such JPPIs, and its pricing policy should ensure that products developed as part of a JPPI (joint public private initiatives) are affordable to developing countries. Appropriate use of medicines The company should have a policy that supports and complies with the World Organisation's guidelines for good clinical practice for trials on pharmaceutical products. It should publish the full results of all clinical trials in a registry accessible to third parties. The company should have a policy that supports and complies with WHO ethical criteria for medicinal drug promotion and report to shareholders on complaints upheld. It should undertake active drug safety monitoring for any product it introduces to a country where local monitoring systems are weak and market specific risks are high, and disclose reports of any adverse drug reactions to regulatory authorities and the WHO in all relevant countries. 

 Replies from the School, or by a representative of the Head of College, are sent to External Examiners after receipt of their reports. Responses to External Examiners may provide information on the consideration of their comments; an indication of any action taken as a result of their reports; and reasons for not accepting particular recommendations or suggestions. Some External Examiners are appointed subject to validation by external organisations. If appropriate to the discipline, Schools may chose to send the reports of these External Examiners to the organisation, provided they are accompanied by information setting the Examiner's comments into context and noting any action which will be taken as a result of the report. The University has a policy of not permitting release of its External Examiners' reports as a right or disclosing the reports in isolation. 

 This does not affect any decision of the Tribunal as to which party is ultimately to bear the expert's costs. An expert's answers to questions put in accordance with this paragraph will be treated as part of the expert's report. Where a party has put a written question to an expert instructed by another party in accordance with the above paragraph, the Tribunal or the Registrar may order that the question must be answered; and the Tribunal may also make such an order in relation to a question that has not been put in this way. If the question is not answered the Tribunal or the Registrar may make one or both of the following orders in relation to the party who instructed the expert-- (iii) that the party may not rely on the evidence of that expert; or (iv) that the party may not recover the fees and expenses of that expert from any other party. Where a party has disclosed an expert's report, any party may use that expert's report as evidence at the hearing. 

 There may be exceptional circumstances where disclosure in advance of a criminal trial can go ahead because there is no real prospect of these difficulties arising. For example in a death in custody case where the relatives or friends of the deceased will not be witnesses of fact so cannot be tainted by the disclosure. The extent of disclosure will have to depend on a risk assessment by the IO of whether information is likely to be passed on by the complainant or the family to other witnesses or to the media. Consent from the complainant It is important that the risks and consequences of prejudicing any subsequent criminal or disciplinary proceedings are explained to the complainant before disclosure occurs and that conditions similar to those used in pre-inquest hearings are imposed. An undertaking not to disclose a report is unenforceable. 

 It is surprising that this important decision has not been reported. Mr Clarke says that it was wrongly decided. He submits that the court did not appreciate that the effect of its decision was to abrogate or at any rate emasculate privilege. Alternatively, he seeks to distinguish it from the present case on two grounds. First, in that case, the defendant was prepared to disclose the first report if it was granted permission to call the second expert. 

 On 8th September Dr Picardo wrote a further letter in which he reiterated his belief that the claimant had suffered a mild whiplash injury. He appended a small anthology of studies which tended to suggest that there was no strong correlation between the extent of vehicle damage and injuries in minor collisions. He did not comment on Mr Newman's report as such. On 15th October the claimant' solicitors evinced for the first time a wish to call a more specialist expert. In due course they disclosed a report from Mr Nee dated 2nd November. 