--moon peep-- 

 The best part of life is not in the present, still less in the past; it lies in the future, the domain of hope. Let us wait. All day long, the sky, of a uniform grey, has appeared to be brewing a storm. In spite of the threatened downpour, my neighbour, who is a shrewd weather-prophet, has come out of the cypress-tree and begun to renew her web at the regular hour. Her forecast is correct: it will be a fine night. See, the steaming- pan of the clouds splits open; and, through the apertures, the moon peeps, inquisitively. 

 At 4.30a.m.Brain thought that maybe we should stay another day and check out the beaches. I felt it my duty to point out that if Paradise was indeed an hour's walk away we would still have to return to the charming old town of Gokarna at night. No amount of golden sand was going to induce me to do that. By 5.00a.m we were sitting in the dark at the bus station. The air was cool; the moon was full and peeping between the branches of the palm trees. 

 The sooner we start the better, as the fellow may put out his light and be off. In five minutes we were outside the door, starting upon our expedition. We hurried through the dark shrubbery, amid the dull moaning of the autumn wind and the rustle of the falling leaves. The night air was heavy with the smell of damp and decay. Now and again the moon peeped out for an instant, but clouds were driving over the face of the sky, and just as we came out on the moor a thin rain began to fall. 

 This, Miss Morstan, is Pondicherry Lodge," said Mr. Thaddeus Sholto, as he handed her out. Chapter V The Tragedy of Pondicherry Lodge It was nearly eleven o'clock when we reached this final stage of our night's adventures. We had left the damp fog of the great city behind us, and the night was fairly fine. A warm wind blew from the westward, and heavy clouds moved slowly across the sky, with half a moon peeping occasionally through the rifts. 

 England went to rest betimes in those days, for there were few who could afford the price of candles. When I looked out of my window just after the clock had gone ten, there was not a light in the village save only at the inn. It was but a few feet from the ground, so I slipped out, and there was Jim waiting for me at the smithy corner. We crossed John's Common together, and so past Ridden's Farm, meeting only one or two riding officers upon the way. There was a brisk wind blowing, and the moon kept peeping through the rifts of the scud, so that our road was sometimes silver-clear, and sometimes so black that we found ourselves among the brambles and gorse-bushes which lined it. 

 The closest finish in the race was that between "Hyacinth" CK256 and "Ellen" CK222, just fifteen seconds separating them. Gradually the fleet finished – the setting sun giving more fabulous photographic opportunities with the anchored craft outlined in the glow of the Pyefleet. The intended prize giving time of 18:30 passed with two barges and three smacks still to come home. The moon was peeping from behind a cloud as the last smack "Mary" CK252 was saluted with a final charge of two and a quarter drachms of black powder, at 19:20, fired through Sue Lasts' fathers' twelve bore. 

 Here as described in an article by librarian Everett Perry is the final version: "....two caryatides, the Spirit of the East and the Spirit of the West, support the lintel of the door, over which is carved, The World is My Book. Above the door is the globe of the world with the sea beneath, the God and Goddess of the Sea, Proteus and Galatea, riding the waves on beautiful chargers. Directly above the world is the great bear and the north star, the mariner's guide, with a whale at one side and an octopus at the other. Concluding the semi-circle are two ships representing the two great oceans, the Chinese frigate and the Atlantic clipper. The sun winks over the horizon and the crescent moon peeps from the waves. 

 He murmured the name of Nina into the silent space with a tender smile: this seemed to break the spell of stillness, and far away by the creek a frog croaked loudly as if in answer. A chorus of loud roars and plaintive calls rose from the mud along the line of bushes. He laughed heartily; doubtless it was their love-song. He felt affectionate towards the frogs and listened, pleased with the noisy life near him. When the moon peeped above the trees he felt the old impatience and the old restlessness steal over him. 

 The faded frescoes in the chapel at Grotta Ferrata leave us a memory the more of man's effort to dream beautifully; and they thus mingle harmoniously enough with our multifold impressions of Italy, where dreams and realities have both kept such pace and so strangely diverged. It was absurd--that was the truth--to be critical at all among the appealing old Italianisms round me and to treat the poor exploded Bolognese more harshly than, when I walked back to Frascati, I treated the charming old water-works of the Villa Aldobrandini. I confound these various products of antiquated art in a genial absolution, and should like especially to tell how fine it was to watch this prodigious fountain come tumbling down its channel of mouldy rock-work, through its magnificent vista of ilex, to the fantastic old hemicycle where a dozen tritons and naiads sit posturing to receive it. The sky above the ilexes was incredibly blue and the ilexes themselves incredibly black; and to see the young white moon peeping above the trees you could easily have fancied it was midnight. 

 With my empty, drifting heart longing to anchor on to something, I traced my steps towards the inner gardens. I was very fond of chrysanthemums and had rows of them, of all varieties, banked up in pots against one of the garden walls. When they were in flower, it looked like a wave of green breaking into iridescent foam. It was some time since I had been to this part of the grounds, and I was beguiled into a cheerful expectancy at the thought of meeting my chrysanthemums after our long separation. As I went in, the full moon had just peeped over the wall, her slanting rays leaving its foot in deep shadow. 

 --moon appear-- 

 I shall be sorry for the doorkeeper if Michael finds out that he wasn't there. Now then, lad, for a canter. We mustn't go too fast while we're near the town. Once, however, outside the city, we ran little danger, for everybody else was inside, merry-making; and as the evening fell we quickened our pace, my splendid horse bounding along under me as though I had been a feather. It was a fine night, and presently the moon appeared. 

 Ivans reached over, clicked a row of red safety switches down, all except the last one. His finger poised above it, calling to be pressed. Ivans surrendered to the temptation, and applied the weight of his finger to the switch. The gleaming silver leaver clicked, turning a circuit on, which activated relays, which activated an entire series of commands. The screen abruptly erupted with static, then the fuzzy snow like images settled down and a 3D image of Tyranza, with its two moons appeared on the screen. 

 The docks where we were pulling into to disembark had had a clattering, and bomb damage was extremely heavy, with many buildings flattened, and lots more on fire, and there were thousands of natives, Chinese and Malaysians working like hell on the damage, and hunting for people buried under the debris. What a welcome to this Island Fortress! The 9th Battalion R.N.F. disembarked and set foot on our final destination after cruising around the world for more than three months, "Greetings Singapore, now your troubles are over," said a wag as we stumbled down the gang-plank with our kit-bags, haversacks, rifles, ammunition, and other fighting equipment. How wrong could one be! Army trucks drove alongside the docks and we scrambled aboard to be whisked through the streets of the city, which was now in total darkness excepting the light from the stars, and a moon, which appeared frightened to come out from behind the clouds. 

 The 108th pope after Innocent II was Paul VI (1963-78). His coat of arms included three fleurs-de-lis (iris blossoms). John Paul I. The 109th is "De Medietate Lunae" (Of the Half Moon). The corresponding pope was John Paul I (1978-78), who was born in the diocese of Belluno (beautiful moon) and was baptized Albino Luciani (white light). He became pope on August 26, 1978, when the moon appeared exactly half full. 

 I never added an extra layer for warmth as I continued to paddle into this enchanting sunset. The water's colours became more saturated as my kayak's bow chased the pulsating blobs of fantastic, enriched colours, never reaching them, always at the edge. Behind us, a dark, almost foreboding haziness chased us. We paddled into the deepening colours on the water, parallel to shore for over an hour before darkness transformed this reverie into night. Near the park's southern boundary we turned to paddle north. I was hoping that soon the perfect full moon would appear over the darkening dunes to my right. 

 We only had time for a shower before going out again, but I decided to have a swim instead! Back in the park we visited the centre temple in the town, Wat Mahatat. Also the large Buddha image at Wat Si Chum. At around 6 we went to a place by the lake with a chedi in the distance to watch the sun go down. It was quite romantic to see the sun go down behind the chedi and the moon appear in the sky. 

 After a few minutes he thought, "Let me see the place first; then I'll come back here and sit down. As he left the room with Sidhu, he heard the sweet music of the evening service arising in the temple from gong, bell, drum, and cymbal. He could hear music from the nahabat, too, at the south end of the garden. The sounds traveled over the Ganges, floating away and losing themselves in the distance. A soft spring wind was blowing, laden with the fragrance of flowers; the moon had just appeared. 

 Muslims send special cards to one another, which are beautifully decorated with words from the holy book the Qu'ran. Extra special cards are decorated with gold dust and small precious stones to make the letters and to decorate the borders of the cards. They sometimes have the words 'Eid Mubarak' written in Arabic. This means 'have a happy and blessed Eid'. So Eid-ul-Fitr begins when the new moon appears after Ramadan over the Muslims' holy city of Makkah in Saudi Arabia. 

 And then shall all the angels come before your face and serve you. And Satan with all sins, diseases and uncleannesses shall depart from your body. Go, eschew your sins; repent yourselves; baptize yourselves; that you may be born again and sin no more. Then Jesus rose. But all else remained sitting, for every man felt the power of his words. And then the full moon appeared between the breaking clouds and folded Jesus in its brightness. 

 The hours before the EME test were spent optimising the position of the feed for best sun noise. The position was quite critical - with the feed a few mm away from optimum the sun noise dropped by a dB! After an hour or so no further improvement could be obtained and we ended up with 13dB of sun noise (at an elevation of 19 degrees with a thin overcast). Our dish mount does not allow elevations above 34.5 degrees, and we had to wait until 5 minutes before the test to see what level of moon noise could be achieved. The moon appeared right on queue, and once it was fully into the beam we measured ~ 1.8dB. 