--painting capture-- 

 Strong forms and nature all inspire my paintings and drawings. Usualy still life they often feature the ceramics, fruit and flora that I love. Colour is also very important to me. I like it bright and bold and try to keep my work looking fresh. Between the form and the colour hopefully my paintings capture some of the atmosphere of my favourite time of year, summer. 

 In the case of Luncheon of the Boating Party , he may well have looked at such works as Paolo Veronese's lavish, banqueting scene, the Marriage Feast at Cana (1562-63, Musée du Louvre, Paris) and the flirtatious Rococo fête galante , Pilgrimage to Cythera (1717, Musée du Louvre, Paris) by Antoine Watteau. Renoir masterfully created Luncheon of the Boating Party 's mood of enchantment by capturing both the immediacy and specificity of a moment of leisure on the Seine and the universal appeal of human celebration. Moreover, he, in this canvas, combined several of the traditional categories of painting: still life, landscape, portraiture and genre. The result is a timeless painting that captures the atmosphere of an idyllic place, where friends share the pleasures of food, wine, and conversation. 

 Northfleet Technology College students - potential civil engineers of the future - presented their 'design a Crossrail carriage' project to the Crossrail engineers and then discussed aspects of engineering. New survey finds one in three people now aware of Crossrail - 23 Apr 04 A new survey has found that just over one in three people (36 per cent) living within walking distance of Crossrail stations claim to be aware of the scheme. This figure is comparable to the proportion who say they are aware of other large London transport projects. Crossrail commissions urban landscape artist to depict today's railway - 7 Apr 04 Crossrail has commissioned professional artist, Ian Cryer, to paint a series of twenty first century urban landscapes which are linked by a common thread - the rail infrastructure that runs through them. In this way, the paintings will capture the current look and feel of the railways and communities that lie on the proposed Crossrail route. 

 This three year multicultural project was inspired by Kitty O Cohen, Chair of the Institute for the Study of Religions and Communities in Israel and Mohammad Abu Kaf, Director of The East Jerusalem Department of the Social Affairs Branch of the Municipality of Jerusalem, who saw the vital role of the creative arts in nourishing dialogue and mutual respect between communities. At the beginning, the children worked separately, each group expressing their own experience of pain and fear through art. But the day came when they were ready to meet each other, to enjoy joint workshops led by Israeli and Palestinian artists and to see their neighbours and city in a fresh light of hope and peace. The children's paintings trace their emotional journey from fear to friendship, from suspicion to mutual trust. In line colour and collage their paintings capture the reality of life in Jerusalem. 

 Dirk Skreber's houses fabricate an environment of pressurised containment. Set against a deadened 'sky' and bathed in ethereal light, Skreber's landscape is given a surreal underwater effect. The houses, dripping in an upward stream, create a strange weightlessness, beatific in their paralysing calm. Dirk Skreber's paintings yield an atmosphere of sedate dissolution, where horror and beauty are suspended beyond comprehensible scope. His painting captures the purity of detachment. 

 Not recognising our meaning for another person, or their's to us, is a common human theme. As David says, we live life forwards but we only comprehend its meaning for us backwards, so we tend to act before we understand. Your novels have a strong artistic element and in this one Caravaggio is central. Can you explain why? I naturally think in images so paintings are almost as rich a source of ideas for me as the written word. And a great painting will very often capture the essence of a great story. 

 Painting at the Royal College of Art from 1948, the practise has flourished to provide fresh challenges for subsequent generations of artists. This exhibition explores the many directions taken by portraiture, focusing on paintings of eminent sitters. At times the portrait reflects the subject's public persona, but commissions are comparatively rare, and it is often the artist's intimacy with the subject that gives the work its strength, combining a capturing of appearance with psychological penetration. The exhibition takes as its starting point Coldstream's Portrait of Howard Griffin , a painting of the writer and poet, who shared with Coldstream a friendship with Auden, and Moynihan's Study for a Portrait of Francis Bacon , a testament to the two men's close friendship. In each case the painting not only captures the sitter but provides a sense of the multiple sitting required to paint the work. 

 The music is by Holst, Tchaikowsky, Sibelius, Stravinsky, Mussorgsky, Smetana and more. Price: £9.50 postpaid REVIEWS From the back cover of FUTURES: "David Hardy's Space Art is unique. He creates his own special kind of virtual reality; through his astounding vision and technique we glimpse landscapes in worlds where Man's foot has never trod. One of my most treasured possessions is an original painting by David Hardy of a total eclipse in Chile, which we attended together. It is noticeable that David's painting captures the awesome beauty of the occasion far better than any photograph I have seen. 

 Everyone enjoyed the chop but especially James, as it was his first paddle in conditions so rough, his eyes firmly fixed on the destination of our starting point. The maidens took on a totally different personality from the calm of the evening before. Skye's Cullin occasionally appeared through the mist and the fresh water burns rushed off the sea pink covered grass covered with rock rose, which contrasted against the grey sky like a Monet painting. Monet would have been confused by the changing character of light and conditions we experienced throughout the week. Photos hardly do it justice, painting might capture it and the memory holds it as best it can. 

 They visited the John Singer Sargent Exhibition at the Tate Gallery and afterwards worked with the poet Anthony Wilson. This poem was in response to Sargent's portrait of the daughters of Mr Boit. Their parents were on an extended Grand Tour so that these girls grew up in strange hotels in countries where they did not know the language. It is hardly surprising that they all in later life had periods of mental illness. Sargent's painting captures them in their starched white pinafores in a gaunt hotel room. 

 --painting represent-- 

 It was made at the latter end of the nineteenth century. Lower Gallery (1st floor) -Aboriginal paintings A bark painting by the artist Djilpa. Dr. Howard Morphy who was a Lecturer/Curator in Australian and South Pacific cultures here at the Pitt Rivers Museum from 1986 to 1996 collected this painting in 1988. He bought the painting at the Ramangining Aboriginal Community. This painting represents the coastal plain of Central Arnhem Land at Gariyak (in the Northern Territories of Australia) as created by the journey of the ancestral Djangkawu sisters. 

 Hiroshige attempts a complex realism of hue. He is the first of his countrymen to use perspective with freedom, if not always with accuracy. He is the first to defy established principles by drawing, if only rarely, cast shadows and reflections in water. Effects of night, of winter, and of mist are rendered with astonishing directness and skill. No elaborate painting could represent hopeless wet weather better than the print where the hills loom large through the pouring rain, and the water below gleams brightly by contrast with the shadowed country round it. 

 Suspended Thoughts is a unique and innovative approach to the process of presenting artwork. This art installation is constructed as a series of art pieces that are manifested from personal experiences. The assumption is that there is a pre-determined pattern of order in which the way art is currently presented. With Suspended Thoughts, the continuous shifting of works creates conflict and debate as to how and why the art works do not remain stagnant. Each painting represents a different thought, a personal observation of a social reality, of joy or analysis of self. 

 The place is consecrated to history and the historic imagination. The hail was rebuilt, as we now see it, by Sir Charles Barry, and it was part of his design that the eight large panels below the windows should be filled with paintings. But the difficulties in the way were many, and for eighty years the plan has remained incomplete. For so historic a chamber it was felt that the only worthy scheme of decoration would be one which should fulfill certain conditions. First, the paintings must represent striking aspects of the national life ; secondly, they must form a series and not a mere collection of isolated scenes; and thirdly, to ensure unity and so heighten the impression to be effected, they must be the work either of a single artist or of a team working together in the closest understanding and fellowship. 

 On the table beside his Majesty are the crown and sceptre, the king's hand grasping the ball and cross. In the background is a view of Westminster Abbey. The value of this picture is stated to be over £500. The portrait of Charles I., ten feet square, is supposed to be the work of Sir Peter Lely. The painting represents the king in a prayerful attitude, and is believed to be even more valuable than that of George I. 

 The impulse to violence is anything but natural--people die because someone decides they should die. And at that moment, none of the images we are given will do. They cannot express the revulsion millions of us expressed on that glorious 15 February. At times like this every generation rediscovers Guernica , Pablo Picasso's scream of rage painted in 1937. Of all the paintings that have represented war, it is this one that seems to echo through every generation (closely followed, I admit, by Goya's terrifying Disasters of War ). 

 Private propriety, private ownership appeared indeed to shape the appearance of the individual in the other people's minds and thus the perception developed and generalized that individual well being was intimatelly related to material possessions. The cult of individualism was born that would ultimately overtake the cult organized by the church. This newly born individualism created the desire to acquire the symbols of religious power for private individual pleasure. The mansions and castles were a first shadowing of the cathedrals and palaces but once those were there, they had to be filled and within the span of less than a century paintings, sculpures, mirrors, tapestries, rugs, and so on became all highly praised luxury commodities. Those new rich wanted paintings representing the immediate environment of their mansions in a realist style at the image of the religious paintings that were hanging in the cathedrals and painters delivered thus for centuries in classical realism. 

 This is merely to describe, from the vantage of one pair of eyes, the strange and contradictory conditions of space and light within which the architectonics of design in these paintings are held in tension. We are presented with flat shapes in planar space. At first we may read them, as a matter of perceptual habit, as forms or apertures in three-dimensional space, and then we imagine them as in active tension, shape against shape, in a perfect abstract clarity, a colour that is pure colour, a space that is for the eye only, an atmosphere that has none of the contingent qualities of weather. These paintings do not represent things in the recognisable spaces of the world so much as the contradictory energies that hold things in place, the 'push and pull' of things (as Blow herself puts it). 

 A generation after her, Tracy Emin is unencumbered by maternity and has been able to concentrate on her own career. Amrik has always painted and sold well in West Yorkshire but her younger son's departure to university has unleashed a burst of creativity and productivity. All the work is about relationships - between people, to the landscape and most especially for Amrik between herself and her medium. Amrik Varkalis' work is original, exciting, beautiful and evocative. It is also masterly and competent. Like Whistler, her paintings represent 'the knowledge gained from a lifetime of work'. 

 On occasion, mixed media such as inks, pastel and gouache have been used. Subject matter is usually still life incorporating fruit, china and flowers. Size of work is normally from 9"x7" up to approximately 26"x20". In many cases, the traditional style of still life painting is brought into present day focus by the use of modern colour combinations and subject matter. Some paintings represent a particular memorable day or place; some are directed at producing a specific effect on the viewer, such as uplifting or happy, cheerful or serene. 