--poison mind-- 

 But what does the need for anti-war government mean right now? What can we do to bring it about? For the anti-war movement, for all of the people involved in this broad movement it means to strengthen their unity and keep the initiative in their own hands. Literally it is embodied in the demand to bring the troops home now. It also means to organise our selves to win the battle for the hearts and minds of the people against the propaganda with which they are trying to poison the minds of the people and particularly the youth. 

 I went through the Zionist literature, I can prove what I say. "And you can write that I am disgrace to humanity, I don't mind, on the contrary. Let's make a deal: I will do all I can to expel the Arabs from here, I will do all I can to increase anti-Semitism, and you will write poems and essays about the misery of the Arabs and be prepared to absorb the Yids I will force to flee to this country and teach them to be a light unto the gentiles. How about it? It was there that I stopped C.'s monologue for a moment and expressed the thought passing through my mind, perhaps more for myself than for my host. Was it possible that Hitler had not only hurt the Jews but also poisoned their minds? 

 There are no lynchings in Burnley, not the sort that witnessed 'strange fruit' hanging from Mississippi redwoods. But it is my impression of the race hate-filled town, that some would, if they could get away with it. Racist Burnley did not happen by accident or overnight. In some areas the British National Party is the most active, and sometimes the only active 'politic group'. In the absence of any opposition they have been able to poison the minds of isolated and, in some cases, unworldly communities. 

 His first wife, Andrea Bertorelli, was at stage school with him in west London in 1964. They dated before she left for Canada to be near her mother. She had a daughter, Joely, (now 30 and an award-winning actress living in Vancouver), whom he adopted when he married Andrea in 1975. They had a son, Simon (now a record producer in Frankfurt), but the marriage ended in an acrimonious divorce five years later. He accused her of poisoning the children's minds. 

 Last time I checked Church and State were separate for that very reason. Whatever happened to the First Amendment? Another thing that enraged me about the Southern Baptist church was that in a recent abortion clinic bombing a nurse was killed and a prominent priest came out and said she shouldn't be grieved for because she was aiding in the murder of children. Well that's just great!! When that priest dies I'm gonna come out and say he shouldn't be grieved for because he was poisoning peoples minds with religion. 

 He then engages in persuasive argument that distorts the truth, and isolates Othello from his own knowledge of Desdemona. Othello has a distorted visual image of her, and cannot rid himself of that evil construction. He is deceived by the apparent integrity of the ethical puritan. He cannot confront Desdemona with his suspicions, so they grow and become real to him. He struggles with an internal doubt that poisons his mind. 

 This is transmitted to their army, who with impunity destroy houses, shoot demonstrators and has now even wrecked the only zoo in the Gaza strip. These horrific acts of collective punishment are war crimes by any standard and a terrible echo of the methods used by the Nazis against the Jews of Europe in World War II. They too saw their opponents as untermenschen - sub-humans. In using similar methods against the Palestinians, the Sharon government engages in a grotesque misrepresentation and misuse of the historic suffering of the Jews for its own political ends. As for the United States government, the Bush regime has so poisoned soldiers' minds that they cannot distinguish a wedding party from a hostile gathering. 

 TEACHINGS APPARENTLY there is an insidious rise in evangelical influences in our schools. These misguided individuals believe, or say they do, in the literal interpretation of the Bible. They say our world was created in seven days and, like those who thought the earth was flat, they believe the totally unbelievable. If teachers of our children can believe in creationism who knows what other madcap ideas they may plant into innocent minds. However democratic our society may be, I would in all seriousness ban from our schools those teachers who may wish to poison the minds of our children against the proven historical proof of evolution spread over millions of years. 

 Usually, the prison authorities and the secret services try to find out what is going on, but I’m sure they miss a lot.” See also: Suspicion falls on activities of jail cleric London bus bomber became radicalised in prison Editorial comment: It is becoming clear that prisons are the perfect breeding ground for Islamic fanatics. They are packed with just the right kind of disillusioned and bitter young Muslims that are ripe for having their heads turned by extremists within the prison. These are unlikely to be the official “imams” who are carefully checked for moderation by the authorities. It is the other prisoners, already infected with murderous religious ideas, who are likely to poison the minds of the vulnerable young. 

 Aristophanes appears genuinely to have objected to what he saw as social instability brought on by the freedom Athenian youths enjoyed to study with professional rhetoricians, sophists, and natural philosophers, e.g., those who, like the presocratics, studied the cosmos or nature. That Socrates eschewed any earning potential in philosophy does not seem to have been significant to the comic playwright. Aristophanes' depiction is important because Plato's Socrates says at his trial ( Apology 18a-b, 19c) that most of his jurors have grown up believing the falsehoods spread about him in the play. Socrates calls Aristophanes more dangerous than the three men who brought charges against him in 399 because Aristophanes had poisoned men's minds while they were young. 

 --corrupt mind-- 

 In 1766, he was given the chance to form his own administration as Prime Minister, but he struggled to maintain sufficient support in the Commons. He made errors of judgement with his appointments and with his acceptance of a peerage he became the Earl of Chatham. Pitt collapsed in the House of Lords in 1778 as his son, William Pitt the Younger, looked on, and died four days later. He whole life had been scarred by hereditary diseases and mental illness. Quote unquote "Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who possess it. 

 Alice Staunch-Tory is concerned about the influence that the IX!Potl delegation may exert over vulnerable young people. Instilling good, solid, old-fashioned values into one's children is a fearsome task for every right-thinking parent. It is one that has been made infinitely harder by the arrival of those people from IX!Potl. I fully accept that the folk from IX!Potl are probably fine people, with an ancient culture that would make a fascinating documentary series on BBC 2 (with a proper RADA-trained actor to do the voice-over, in immaculate Received Pronunciation). However, this does not mean it is a good idea to let them have free reign to express their views, potentially corrupting the minds of anyone under the age of 45. 

 In the fourth century, when Christianised Romans found Nazareth did not exist, they designated a suitable spot with that name. The title Nazarene has multiple meanings because the Essenes delighted in pious puns and Aramaic, a limited language, lent itself to them. Christian Literature Nicholas Carter in The Christ Myth indicts the Christians: The Catholic Christians are guilty of committing the moral crime of appropriating the sacred writings of another people in order to validate the existence of their divine hero. They forged and otherwise fabricated the entire literature of their church in order to provide an historical foundation for their faith. Along with their fellow Christians, they have corrupted the minds of countless millions over the centuries. 

 I'm sorry if you don't find "Yellow House"to be one of the most insanely amazing albums this year, then me and you have no business talking anymore. Taking it to the next level. I Souldn't have been surprised coming from warp and shit but I wasn't expecting much. Eating humble pie for the shit I was talking on them before. Again, this just part of the pro-bear agenda, being pushed by these Ursine huggers trying to change the status quo. How dare they use popular music to influence, and corrupt the minds of our impressionable youth. 

 While I was in the States I was watching the TV one morning, waiting for my mates to wake up, and there was a talk show on. A Religious Talk Show!!! The topic of the conversation was Harry Potter, and I was quite amazed, and highly amused by it. The host was a Holy man of some description, and the guest was an 'Expert on World Religion'. Apparently J.K.Rowling is corrupting the minds of children, and indoctrinating them into Witchcraft. 

 His deep unhappiness and confusion increase as the darkness increases until it starts to appear on his face for all to see. Continuous sin weakens the body and the heart. The illustrations of both Sayyid Muhammad and Sayyid Amin directly imply this. Good deeds become difficult if not altogether impossible to practice and sin removes the blessings (barakah) from one's life. Sin humiliates and corrupts the mind. 

 Why is there so little discussion of the damage done by religion? There has been much discussion recently of a book claiming that pressures to conform to requirements for 'political correctness' (PC) have distorted public discussion and debate on important issues, and led to bad decisions. I've been too busy to listen continuously, but one taboo that has not been mentioned in discussion of PC that I've heard is criticism of religion. All the recent concern about not offending people who have religious beliefs of one sort or another is a dreadful tendency. E.g. there are very strong arguments against allowing faith-based schools to receive any public support, because they corrupt young minds by forcing them down narrow channels, stultifying the development of critical, analytical facilities --- yet people dare not present those arguments. 

 It gets you out of the house. In an industry where amusement seems to be diverging from the prizes, with the polarization of exhibitors at ATEI next year, games manufacturers probably need to stick together. As with most things these days, once the technological genie is out of the bottle, there’s no putting it back. Computer games have been with us some time now. Whether their content corrupts the mind and their sedentary nature destroys the body is something difficult to prove. 

 This went on for seven years until one day he looked up to the heavens and God returned his sanity to him. It was then that Nebuchadnezzar finally understood that God created everything under the sun. It is through God that kingdoms are made and kingdoms fall. Not through the might of man as Nebuchadnezzar had previously thought. For power had corrupted his mind and he had believed that it was through his might that he had achieved his empire. 

 When this was made known, there seemed to be a general smile of congratulation at the number fallen, rather than of their regret for their loss. The vanity of the officers seemed tickled at the disproportionate slaughter in a frigate of our size, as compared to what they had heard the ships of the line had suffered. I attended the surgeon in the steerage, to which place the wounded were removed, and saw all the amputations performed, without flinching; when men who had behaved well in the action fainted at the sight. I am afraid I almost took a pleasure in observing the operations of the surgeon, without once reflecting on the pain suffered by the patient. Habit had now begun to corrupt my mind. 