--pour money-- 

 But for whatever old causes such people might be interested in each other, their distinguished host was not specially interested in them. No one of them at least was in his eyes the guest of the evening. Valentin was expecting, for special reasons, a man of world-wide fame, whose friendship he had secured during some of hisvgreat detective tours and triumphs in the United States. He was expecting Julius K. Brayne, that multi-millionaire whose colossal and even crushing endowments of small religions have occasioned so much easy sport and easier solemnity for the American and English papers. Nobody could quite make out whether Mr. Brayne was an atheist or a Mormon or a Christian Scientist; but he was ready to pour money into any intellectual vessel, so long as it was an untried vessel. 

 If manufactured locally, the cost of his LED lamp could plummet to $22, as they won't incur heavy import duties. But we need close to $5 million for this," he says. And investments are difficult to come by. Mr. Chaddha says he has also asked the government to exempt the lamps from such duties, but to no avail. An entrepreneur who made his money in plastics, Chaddha has poured his own money into the project, providing the initial installations free of charge. 

 We all have a responsibility to make the case for politics and political parties. However, parties need infrastructure. We will, therefore, continue to work with the independent Electoral Commission to explore how best to support the vital democratic role of political parties, while recognising that campaigning activity must always be funded by parties from their own resources We are already re-examining the way in which money is targeted in the run-up to elections. In the months before the last General Election - before any election expenses are required to be accounted for - Lord Ashcroft's company Bearwood Corporate Services Limited poured large sums of money into local Conservative associations in marginal constituencies. 

 In addition to the 1.3 million hectares for liquid fuels an even greater area of SRC would be required to make more than a tiny dent in fossil fuel use for electricity generation. This all adds up to an enormous land requirement which will increase food and animal feed imports, as well as highly polluting shipping emissions and associated ghgs. The pressures on remaining global forests and wildlands will become even more acute, with bleak prospects for the poor and hungry across the world as land is taken for food exports or fuel crops. Instead of pouring money into complex, uncertain new technologies and developing feedstocks and supply chains to large plants, funds could be invested to support long term infrastructure for small scale, proven and effective technologies. 

 Gulf officials said they expected Riyadh to recall its envoy from Doha if the problems were not sorted out. They said Saudi Arabia could also boycott an annual summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), to be hosted by Qatar this year. The GCC regional political and economic alliance also includes Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman and the United Arab Emirates. It was not immediately clear if the Saudi move was linked to Qatar's decision to allow their mutual ally, the United States, access to Qatari military facilities that could be used in a possible attack against Iraq. Faced with a possible refusal from Saudi Arabia to be a launch pad for strikes on Baghdad, Washington has poured money into expanding its $1.4 billion Al Udeid airbase in Qatar, which officials say will be finished by December. 

 News of this amazing tree was nearly lost forever A confidential source, whose account we've been able to independently confirm, revealed that a billion-dollar drug company in the United States tried for nearly seven years to synthesize two of the tree's most powerful anticancerous chemicals. In the early 1990s, behind lock and key, this well-known drug giant began searching for a cure for cancer--while preciously guarding their opportunity to patent it and, therefore, profit from it. Research focused on a legendary healing tree called Graviola. Parts of the tree--including the bark, leaves, roots, fruit, and fruit seeds--had been used for centuries by medicine men and native Indians in South America to treat heart disease, asthma, liver problems, and arthritis. Going on little documented scientific evidence, the company poured money and resources into testing Graviola's anticancerous properties--and they were shocked by the results. 

 If you can't get 'on the plane', you'll use about a million litres per mile. And everyone will be sick on the way out and back. And you'll miss slack water. And anyone with DCI will die in the boat - probably of old age. I wouldn't worry too much about mileage when using the boat with a full complement of divers, it will be expensive anyway. A boat is just a hole in the water you pour money into". 

 The Strategic Rail Authority, the 10-year plan, the creation of Network Rail, the appointment of a new regulator, the scaling down of West Coast mainline reconstruction, threats to cut non-mainline routes, and now the Railway Review, all give ample evidence of the government's desperate desire to find an answer which does not involve re-nationalisation. So what has happened in the real world of Britain's railways? Since privatisation, rail and track renewal costs have trebled and quadrupled. What has been going on inside the privatised track work companies has been corrupt, with myriad companies paying each other vast unjustifiable sums of money which come ultimately from the public purse. The cost price contract has just been a mechanism for pouring gigantic sums of public money into fat cat pockets. 

Only one authority is projecting a surplus. A leader in the HSJ states that a balancing of the books is unlikely to occur as trusts “are much less free than in previous years to juggle numbers on the balance sheet, sacrificing long-term planning for hitting short-term targets. In other words, the fudge factor has been diminished.” The FT and Times both report the story. The Department of Health responded by saying that it was “not unusual” for the NHS to be running a deficit at this time of the year. It stated: “We expect that by the year-end the majority of NHS organisations, and NHS as a whole, will achieve financial balance”. A leader in the Express argues that “it is ludicrous to pour extra money into the NHS and see many services deteriorate”. 

 In one arcade I visited recently in the city, a single go of Afterburner cost £1. Even so, there were loads of people queueing up for a go with money in their hands. I kid you not, and it usually takes three to four goes just to find out what's going on. How many machines have you seen with the instructions on them? I can imagine that hundeds of young boys are gladly pouring their week's pocket money into arcade machines, and for these reasons I wish ZZAP! 

 --invest money-- 

 Malaria, a wholly-treatable disease, is thought to account for up to 25% of child deaths in the developing world, while tuberculosis kills about two million people a year. As well as the personal tragedy, these diseases are also having a devastating effect on the economies and social development of poor countries. For example, in 1999 an estimated 860,000 African children lost their teachers to AIDS. We support the millennium development goal of halting the spread of HIV and AIDS, malaria and other major diseases by 2015. To this end, we're investing a lot of money in providing more health information, especially for young people and promoting greater access to contraceptives and treatment for sexual infections. 

 If, on the other hand, they do not know these things, and doubtless the majority do not - it is their sin that they do not know it. Woe to a society whose only apology to God and man is, 'Am I my brother's keeper? Men ought to know the condition of those by whose labour they live. Had the question been the investment of a few pounds in a speculation, these gentlemen would have been careful enough about good security. Ought they to take no security when they invest their money in clothes, that they are not putting on their backs accursed garments, offered in sacrifice to devils, reeking with the sighs of the starving, tainted - yes, tainted, indeed, for it comes out now that diseases numberless are carried home in these same garments from the miserable abodes where they are made. 

 Elizabeth's firm is hopeful of securing a £100,000 contract for an extension project, but fears that even though the extension isn't on a farm, the project could be delayed because the workers would need to use farm tracks and rural roads for access. She said: "Hexham is very rural and is dependant on getting to little hamlets through tracks and farm roads etc. Roads are getting closed all over. If this crisis continues, I fear people will be looking very carefully at their spending. I know I'm being pessimistic but I can't see the National Trust investing money if their parks and gardens have to be shut for a considerable amount of time. 

 We also hear that established artists equally find themselves being pressed to authorise reproductions and waive their copyright licence fees. All of this is odd and runs contrary to the spirit and letter of the new copyright rules. These were introduced for the specific purpose of removing these practices and strengthening all artists' bargaining positions when negotiating non-selling public sector showings. In cases where young artists' works are being presented by small galleries they may reasonably decide to waive their fees for reproducing their work in a catalogue or on posters. Such a gallery is likely to be investing money in the production of a catalogue. 

 Why do debates persist over the safety of new technologies such as genetic modification and mobile phones? Why do the issues never seem to be settled - as far as anything in science can be settled - before products are on the market? It is at least partly because we lack both explicit criteria for funding the scientific research in the first place - such as whether it is safe, ethical, and makes genuine contribution to society - and an audit system to assess the effectiveness of our research & development spending. Consequently, research into the safety of new technologies is done long after they have reached the market, if it is done at all. By that stage, of course, industry has invested a great deal of money and there is great pressure on scientists and regulators not to put all that investment at risk. 

 But in the computer environment, computer scientists were likely to create at least one computer abstraction (directories, folders, macros and style) for every paper abstraction in their office. Office workers were incredibly reluctant to invest effort in computer abstractions. It's not that office workers are unable to deal with abstract notations - it's just that computers don't serve their needs as well as paper does. SWYN notation for regular expressions We have modeled this phenomenon by adapting a well-known model of the psychology of investment decisions (by Kahneman and Tversky). Our system users are not investing money (as in Kahneman and Tversky's work), but they are investing their time and attention in creating abstractions. 

 The label, recently re-named 'Mad Dog', has released a five track demo tape and the debut CD single. We're doing it for ourselves," says Tom. Waiting for an A&R man to say he likes what you're doing is like waiting for the planets to align. Tom Hingley That's not to say it's easy going it alone. The band has invested its own money in studio time and is working at a loss to go on tour. 

 The only way is up... baby. He hides behind the thin veneer of prudence, but when all is said and done he is no better than all his Old Labour "Tax and Spend" predecessors. In point of fact he is worse because he is so bloody sneaky. He uses word like "stability" and "affordable", and all the while his borrowing is getting out of control. I could be charitable and say that he has invested a lot of money in public services, education and health. 

 Our second month customer signup was up 140% over the first, and we continued to achieve an average monthly growth of 20% over our first year which was staggering. In 2004, StockClean was adopted as our official trading name, and we have been going from strength to strength ever since. We now use the latest water-fed pole technology, and currently manage a small number of commercial & domestic window cleaning contracts across Surrey & Middlesex. We also have 100’s of satisfied domestic customers, and we love to provide a service that offers good value for money that is also safe and reliable. We have invested a lot of time and money into equipment that complies with the latest legislation for working at height. 

 Fry thinks that the entrepreneurial ethos motivating such Scots comes from Scotland’s geographical remoteness. “Nobody was going to help the Scots stuck in this chilly huddle of mountains on the northwest extreme of Europe and people had to pull themselves up by their bootstraps and because they were in general poor and self-made they never forgot their roots.” While the foundation has given Hunter a new reason for making money, he is also keen to encourage other business people to follow his example. “I would say to any wealth creator, ‘Why wait until you are dead for your legacy to carry on — that was the old model. Why let someone else have the fun of investing that money? 