--push drug-- 

 I had an email from an organisation campaigning against the damage caused to countryside by 4*4s. One of their supporters saw a spotless silver Jeep Grand Cherokee with the registration number L48BOUR at Newport station. They thought it was mine. It was 'spotless' it wasn't. I confessed that my car is a now venerable Skoda with 95,000 miles on the clock. Assisting Whom? The Sunday Times today (February 5, 2006) spots another sneaky way that the Pharmaceutical Companies are pushing their drugs. 

 Can you imagine how many heads would have rolled in McPherson had found Met records speaking of Steven Lorenz? What message goes out to thoughtful young men coming of age in the Muslim community? This society is sick, it doesn't even care about its own people, let alone us Muslims, whether in Iraq or in Britain. We should bring it down and build a better world in its place. This brings us to what should be the really scary thing for the liberal elite, the bombers probably won't even come from the drug-pushing, car-twocking, pimping criminals among the Muslim community. After all, they're still happily pushing drugs, stealing cars and enjoying the benefits from their whores. 

 She lives on the ugliest Council estate in Europe. Sanctuary is a bed and a family of mis-fits who crowd near to Vee's flame. This is her life. Shot through with intensity and honesty, a powerful play. The Western Mail The Redemption Song Mick is a designer of toys, a dreamer, and a dope-smoker. Bo-Bo and Bunny look after Mick, lend him money, push him drugs. 

 G8 countries, in a fanfare of New Labour style spin last July, gave the impression that the needs of the Global Fund would be met. But when, in the cold light of day, they were asked to stump up the cash they resorted to the hand wringing and excuses. Finally, we need to review the effectiveness of the medicines used and make sure that the health systems in each country are complying with best practice. For example practitioners, pharmaceutical companies and the World Health Organization appear not to agree about anti-malarial remedies. Some companies have been accused of pushing their own drugs knowing that the malaria parasite in that region is resistant to it. 

 When Andy reports this to the guard, he simply shrugs and lets the kid go. Striking up a friendship with sickeningly passionate students Arthur (Michael J Fox, TEENWOLF; BACK TO THE FUTURE) and Deneen (Erin Flannery, THE INCUBUS), Norris holds the respect of most of his class. That is, aside from Peter (Timothy Van Patten, ZONE TROOPERS) who seems intent on making his presence felt before leaving the class prematurely, with his punk rock disciples in tow. Peter runs a drugs racket in the school and at the local punk night-club where he holds court in a back-room, sat behind a desk like Brando's Godfather, listening to the promises and pleas of drug-hungry teens desperate for their fix. When not pushing drugs or pimping girls, Peter and his goons are defending their turf by kicking the shit out of anyone foolish enough to chance their luck. 

 The former TSB in Camden High Street, Camden Town, has been empty for more than a year - and has been targeted by vandals who smashed the windows and defaced it with graffiti. Developers Ablethird have submitted a planning application to turn the building into an amusement arcade. But some residents reckon there are enough amusement arcades in Camden High Street already. Linda Crofts, of St Pancras Road, said: "The building needs cleaning up, definitely, but with regards to an amusement arcade we've already got enough problems with kids nowadays as it is. It would be a haven for drug dealers to push drugs. 

 It was a main road that was off the dual carriage-way that everyone had parked on, it would have been better to put us down there. The party was on the right as u walked down in this muddy sort of car park thing, the actual rave was in a tunnel type thing, an ex army storage facilities. Lots of hippies and types. Scored some acid, a strawberry I think. There were loads of bad-boys pushing drugs on the way into the party, felt a bit uneasy as they were really up to no good, even for them. 

 It was discovered that although it prevented breast cancers from developing, 'it also increased the rate of lethal side effects - blood clots and endometrial cancer', and 'these almost cancelled out its benefits, and tamoxifen is now not generally recommended as a preventive drug in the UK'. Returning to the matter of the trials of letrozole being ended, the head of the breast unit at the Royal Marsden Hospital was quoted as saying 'the decision was 'unfortunate'', and the head of statistics at Cancer Research UK said 'there was a trend in North America to 'get a quick answer', not wait for long-term results'. The article concluded with the observation that it was the drug manufacturers who gained from such decisions and patients were the 'losers'. On 24 October 2003, The Times reported in ' Lancet accuses 'unprincipled' AstraZeneca', that the Lancet , 'the world's oldest medical journal', had accused AstraZeneca 'of marketing a cholesterol-lowering treatment in the absence of reliable proof that it is safe and effective'. The article stated an issue of the Lancet being published in October 2003 claimed 'Astra-Zeneca has used 'unprincipled' sales tactics to push the drug, Crestor'. 

 You may think God could never be interested in you. That you are too bad or too insignificant. That you have committed too many sins. But you couldn't be more wrong. He really wants you as part of his family. He wants all men to be saved. We have a friend who used to be involved with criminal gangs and pushing drugs. 

 And as 'crime manager' of London police stations, I saw the knock-on crime: the muggings, break-ins and burglaries to which addicts resort to pay for their drugs. I had a professional interest in stopping all this. Now I am retired, I have the strongest of personal vested interests in reducing drug use. I have two children at a vulnerable age and I will do anything in my power to keep them from the clutches of the drug barons, and to keep them from abusing drugs. So when I now say "let us legalise drugs", I hope I will not be accused of being tolerant of the evils that drugs cause, or soft on the thugs and violent criminals who push drugs, wreck lives, and are imperilling our society. 

 --sell drug-- 

 This country has a history of unleashing bombs on other countries and fighting unjust wars hiding under a banner of false patriotism and false pride in order to justify our cause. Our cause is simply evil and hated all around the world. Our foreign policy causes us to kill and call it casualties of war; and when they kill, we call it crimes against humanity. And then we find that later we were behind their killing and supported it as we did in the case of the 7-year war between Iraq and Iran. Our foreign policy also makes it okay to sell drugs and ship arms to a country that engages in apartheid and racism.  

 Every organisation of people who are knowledgeable about the drugs world has opposed the Bill. The Government have had no support for it. They did not even go to their Advisory Council to ask their opinion The Bill will go down as one of the worst Bills enacted in Parliament in recent times. It will come back to haunt us, because it will do a great deal of harm. Part of its populist, tabloid nonsense is the attempt to restrict people who are selling drugs near schools. 

 (The Road To Wembley) Mark: I just think, you know, opera's more, sort of mature. Harry: Rubbish - you're just a snob. You think that something's good just because it's hundreds of years old. John: You'll love Dire Straits then. (The Road To Wembley) Mark: I'm not sure I want to come. I mean, suppose people are selling drugs? 

 14 year-old drug dealer The Liverpool Daily Post reports that a teenage Liverpool boy sold heroin and crack cocaine to undercover police officers, a court heard yesterday. It was claimed that on some occasions he would drive himself in a Ford Sierra to the pre-arranged meets. Andrew Thomas, prosecuting, claimed the boy was willingly working with a gang dealing in hard drugs in Rhyl, North Wales. But the youth, who denies eight charges of supply, said he had been kidnapped, beaten up and forced to sell the drugs for others, whom he refused to name. Mold Crown Court yesterday heard how the boy, now 15, would be contacted on a mobile phone to sell the drugs. 

 That can take up to six days and we do not have the manpower to cope with that. We would never knowingly let someone board a plane who we suspected of having swallowed cocaine, but I am certain that we could catch many more people if we had more resources to devote. ' Corrupt officers have been known to transport drugs in their own vehicles, to block off roads to allow planes to take off and land and to turn a blind eye to shipments being smuggled out of the country in return for bribes. In January 1999, 127 officers in the Portland Division were transferred after allegations that some had formed an alliance with members of a Colombian cocaine cartel. Eight months later the entire Special Anti-Crime Taskforce was disbanded after some of its officers were found to be selling drugs. 

 They spoke out after a six-hour confrontation on Sunday night in which a petrol bomb was thrown at police. Now they plan to raise the incident at a meeting organised by Oxmoor Opportunities on Saturday, part of a multi-million pound plan to revitalise the estate. Residents claimed police over-reacted in the incident, involving around 200 residents, 60 police and the force helicopter. Twelve people were arrested. They said residents had taken action against two houses in Lavender Court and Garner Court where people allegedly sold drugs and were seen injecting themselves. 

 Sustained police enforcement had also led to some drug dealing being 'displaced' into neighbouring Etherington. Among other key findings from the report: . There was evidence that the involvement of young people in drug markets may be increasing. They were most extensively used in Byrne Valley as runners or lookouts. Professionals in another area reported youths as young as 14 working in shifts to sell drugs. 

 Although the Council is not totally responsible, why has CCTV surveillance not been installed in Melbourne Street? Obviously, not wanting to be seen on camera from Hartingdon Street, the "open all hours" for drugs and sex has now moved onto Melbourne Street. Residents find it degrading and demoralising, as they have been trying to keep their properties up to standard by having the local grant improvements to upgrade them, but the downgrade of the area will never be up do standard with the druggies and prostitutes being able to work as freely as they do. Recently they have been subjected to having to pay for parking permits too, at a cost of £75 a year. This must be quite disgusting to arrive back home from work in the evening only to find two or three cars parked in the street waiting for their 'delivery boys' to sell the drugs. 

 The script might have worked in a theatre and the set structure of a stage performance, but as a movie it doesn't work, the script is oververbose and the pacing wanders all over the place, negating any sense of tension or identification with the characters. This is a movie that only the hardiest fans of Laurence Fishburne will want to see. [...] I'm not sure where to start with State Property - I found this movie to be extremely depressing and yes, even repellent in its glorification of black street culture, the gangs and violent crime. It goes out of its way to show young black Americans that the only way to empower themselves is by selling drugs and fighting violent 'turf wars' with a variety of high powered weapons. 

 It turned out they were hiding Amelia from the authorities. Darren and Amelia became great friends and they went on the run together, fearing she would be caught. Ever loyal to Amelia, he accepted a caution for wasting police time; then he and Amelia were kidnapped and she was reunited with her father. This year Darren and Calvin set up a Desteeni Card enterprise in a bid to attract girls. Mr Deverill excluded them both, convinced they were selling drugs! 