--recapture feeling-- 

 In the end, I ran out of pool at 13 strokes, and sat there wondering what I did differently. I often find that once I think I have something figured out, I either take it for granted and lose it, or make too much of it and lose the relaxation that makes it flow. I felt what you mentioned about being anchored and moving past the anchor. I also started to feel what someone had mentioned about "catching moonbeams". I hope to recapture that feeling on my next swim! 

 Then I sat, in front of the big Bible, the hush of midnight upon the whole house, and read, by the flickering light of the candle, 'Out of the depths have I cried unto Thee, o Lord. Lord hear my voice...' Somehow, I was able to read only the Penitential Psalms. The words of Scripture soothed and comforted me deeply each time. At length a pleasing feeling of peace would flood through my soul again, and, relieved, I would be able to lie down on the hard sofa. The next morning I would try to recapture that happy feeling of assurance and, failing to find it, would gloomily conclude that once more I had 'fallen from grace. 

 He reported that the relaxation lessened the pain from his headache. It is a principal of hypnosis that all suggestions require reinforcement. Additionally, practice and repetition are required to develop these skills so they can produce both a biologically medicated pain relief (via altered brain chemicals) and a psychological harmony that helps the patient deal more easily with daily stress. As with most of my patients, I asked Mr. X to set aside ten minutes daily (preferably at work and without interruption) to listen to an audiocassette that I created for him to recapture the relaxed feeling and increased suggestibility that he experienced in my office. 

 I don't think we are abusing our position, we're not encouraging young girls to be immoral or anything like that. We just want everyone to have fun. My girlfriend was at the back at one of our shows and she said there were a lot of old people dancing to our music. It seems the wheel comes full circle. When you're young you're capable of enjoying things innocently and when you're old you recapture that feeling. 

 Even so, the sheer speed with which old flames get it together via the internet has already been the theme of a West End play, What the Night Is For. As the male protagonist remarks at one point, 'How the hell did we get here so fast? But how to explain the incendiary potential of old flames? According to Martin Lloyd-Elliot, a psychologist at the Eden Medical Centre, London, a youthful romance can lay down a blueprint by which individuals judge everything that comes after. 'We're trying to recapture those feelings constantly, anyway, so how much simpler to revert to the original prototype? 

 And most importantly, we need to have the ability to use the information for our own benefit and the benefit of others. Our Tribal connection. Most of us live in societies where the pace of life and the pressures brought about by the demands of everyday existence tend to inhibit our perceptive abilities. We even use technology to divert our attention from realities that would impact on us negatively if we allowed ourselves to be open to the influences. Strange but true, we rarely use music for enjoyment and pleasure, but rather, we use it to block out unwanted realities, or, to try and recapture the feelings of some happier time. 

 Destiny's Child's follow-up effort, 1999's The Writing's On the Wall , was certified 8x RIAA platinum in the United States and went on to sell more than 10 million copies worldwide. The success of that album was matched when Destiny's Child dropped the multi-platinum worldwide smash Survivor in 2001. Ask Kelly if she's pleased with her new album and she beams. I remember how happy I was when we finished The Writing's On The Wall and Survivor because each song was so great. I wanted to recapture that feeling when I made my own record and when I sat back and listened to the finished album, I felt so blessed thought, 'Gosh, God is good' because I was allowed to see my vision through and it all worked out so well. 

 No language instinct Geoffrey Sampson doesn't believe in the language instinct. I remember reading his book Educating Eve in my final year at university and being splendidly, incoherantly, annoyed by his views on the nature-nurture debate . My girlfriend at the time had been set the book as part of her linguistics course and I singularly failed to express to her just how wrong-headed Sampson's arguments were - how he completely failed to engage with the whole point of Pinker's book ., for one thing. Of course I was fresh from reading things like Rethinking Innateness and had all the zeal of the new convert. I can't remember the details of Sampson's argument, and now I think i'd like to re-read it to check if i still feel the same way, and maybe to recapture that feeling of annoyance. 

 The work often has a playful presentation, taking the form of puzzles, games, or decks of cards. It is made to be handled. The intimate scale and the gestures of exploration required to travel through a piece evoke the experience of looking through an album, a diary, or the belongings of a loved one. The Mementos series explores how memory affects our daily lives and how memories of an individual can evoke memory in the collective. Each book is a collection of mementos, memories and family stories that recapture the feeling of past experiences or relationships. 

 Transference occurs because an ill person tends to re-experience emotions instead of remembering them, and the psychiatrist encourages the development of a transference so that the patient will be able to look at this mirror version of old relationships. The subtle and much misunderstood process by which the patient recovers hidden childhood emotions is called reconstruction. We are misled if we believe that we are, except in rare instances, able to find the 'events' of the afternoon on the staircase when the seduction happened," Dr. Ernst Kris has written. We are dealing with the whole period in which the seduction played a role. Analysis does not so much attempt to recapture the feelings and reactions of this period as to reconstruct a facsimile of them, but even a taste of old feelings can produce extreme regression: patients may shout, curse and weep, and psychotic reactions sometimes occur. 

 --recall feeling-- 

 Authority's remedy, if you spent too much time out of the stream in one year, was to keep you back a class. But this would mean ructions in the family, whose shaky economic viability depended on your starting work the day after your 14th birthday. Socially too, the stigma of having attended school into your 15th year could follow you to the grave ('Thick as champ when he was wee'). But even being cast up in an isolation ward in Purdysburn Fever for three weeks could provide some items of 'experience and knowledge', the accumulation of which the O.E.D. quotes as essential to the acquisition of Wisdom. For instance, I would never again be able to visit a zoo without being physically sick, recalling the feelings of that 10 year old me on visiting days, capering silently for my silent and capering parents in front of the window that separated us. 

 I've reduced two directors to tears. I go like a wolfhound: 'Don't you ever push me, you son of a bitch! You get angry because I dare to question your direction? I had enough of being bullied when I was a child, so anyone who tries that on me now is in for it. Even now, Hopkins shudders as he recalls "that awful feeling you have before you go onstage, that dull dread in the stomach, just like a deadness in the center. 

 Although very young, the only person who regarded himself as a 'boy' was the boy himself - who was amazed to find he was treated with such respect by his elders - but in spite of this he still only received one shilling (5p) per week and was only allowed ashore on Saturday and Sunday afternoons! The boy seamen were treated like adults and were regarded as being capable of doing the same tasks as anyone else on the ship. They became specialists; they were courageous, well-educated seamen who were respected by the rest of the ship's crew - they also became energetic and disciplined Nigerians. The situation they found themselves in forced them to grow up quickly and in the early days of their naval service they soon encountered the harsh realities of war, seeing starving Russians bombed almost to destruction, and the hardships of enemies who were suffering even more than they were. I can still vividly recall the feelings I had when I was eighteen and stood by our Navy schoolteacher watching the pupils leaving the ship - one way or another. 

 Focus your presentation around the title theme. Manage your State. Before you present makes sure you are in your ‘presentation zone’. Remember the times when you presented brilliantly, the times you controlled your audience, the times you influenced decisions, the times the participants learned effortlessly etc. and recall those feelings before you start to present. 

 A Twelfth Century Book of Beasts translated by T.H. White The Diary Of A Cat: I spent yesterday afternoon and evening in the home of a young child, whom I followed because she bore a paper of codfish which attracted me. The house where the child lives was exceedingly warm and pleasant, and I reclined in front of the glowing fire and made myself agreeable and attractive, considering meanwhile the advantages of such a home. It has often occurred to me that sometime in my life I must have been owned. I can recall the feeling of caresses and the scent of soft garments worn by some gentle person who felt solicitude and affection for me. 

 And thus, our version of the Lady of the Lake traveled to the outside as a video, combining spoken poetry and visuals, recording us in the very countryside we were talking about. This provided a very useful vehicle for allowing our imaginations to soar, and our writing and our stories became wilder, as everyone realized that a different set of rules, or strategies, commands the universe of video-making than that of live art. Embodiment as a reservoir and repetition of knowledge played an interesting part in the way that memories became retrievable, and entered from the privateinto the social: when we were exploring the connection between our childhood memories and the story, most of us pointed to moments of outside physical activity as a pivotal point in our memories: walking in a group of school children, standing by a gate in the garden, playing in a field. Meditating on the myth brought many of the participants to recall the feeling of grass under their fingers, their emotions as they sat amongst rocks, stared into a river. 

 We learn that the lovehearts lead to erratic behaviour in late night cafes, ‘go wrong when they come on too strong’ and, although lots of fun, we are warned not to bring William any back if we go to Amsterdam. A cautionary tale we should all take to heart. Aimless Conversation is a boy/ girl duo that quickly wins over the crowd with its heady mix of strummed guitar and breathy vocals. Their opening number is an atmospheric tale of a failing relationship that involves ‘words that come back to haunt me’, being ‘too cold to care’, the sentiment of the lyrics echoed by increasingly more vicious strumming of the acoustic guitar. It recalls that feeling most people have had at one time or another when it’s just too late at night/ early in the morning to argue and you just want to stick your head in a tank full of piranhas. 

 Typical verbal messages include the following: "You were lying on the table and it felt like........what did it feel like?; "Yes, this body"; "This arm. The manner of recall is essential for evoking the feeling. Neither the practitioner nor the receiver asks with emphasis or force, but casually, almost indifferently, with a kind of idle curiosity which bypasses the conscious thinking mind. The receiver then can use recall at any and all times to reproduce the better feeling in a specific body part. Furthermore, recalling the feeling in one area usually produces that feeling throughout the body. 

 At this moment a young man addressed me, and announcing himself as the son of Mrs. Audley, the lady with whom I was henceforth to live, led me to the boat which waited at the side of the vessel; and a short journey brought us to Clifton and the cottage where Mrs. Audley resided. How vividly the thoughts and feeling which crowded that night about my pillow rise upon my memory! I think it is not saying too much of that natural instinct which attracts us to one person and repels us from another, when I call it infallible. There is truth and certainty in our first impressions; we are so much the creatures of habit, so much governed in our opinions by the opinions of others, we so rarely begin to think till our thoughts are already biassed, that our intuitive perception of good and evil, and consequently of friend and foe, is utterly neglected. If, in forming our attachments, instead of repeating what we have heard, we recalled our feelings when we first met, there would be fewer complaints than are now of disappointed expectations. 

 On 13 September 1959, Moscow again sent pointing data for Jodrell Bank. The data series starts at 1700 UT, the time when the probe would rise above Jodrell's horizon and ends at 2100 UT, the expected time of hitting the moon! The announcement by professor Lovell that the signals from Luna 2 had ceased at 2102:23 UT on 13 September 1959 was the first confirmation the world received that an object made by humans had travelled from the earth to another heavenly body! I can remember how Radio Sweden broadcast a special "vigil" between 2000 and 2130 UT while waiting for confirmation of the impact on the moon. I listened to this broadcast live and I can clearly recall the feeling of participating in a historic event when the telegram about loss-of-signal at Jodrell Bank was read shortly after 2111 UT!. 