--sow doubt-- 

 U.S. military that it is safe to enter the country. As the U.S. tries to help set up a new Iraqi government, the exile groups that many U.S. officials hoped Iraqis would rally around have won little popular support. Meanwhile, the organizations that are showing political strength - including some Shiite Muslim groups backed by Iran - are potentially hostile to U.S. aims. Although the reconstruction effort is only weeks old, the Bush administration is already stressing that it would like to shift to an Iraqi-led government as soon as possible. At the same time, the lack of a visible American presence has sown doubts about U.S. intentions and frustrated ordinary Iraqis. 

 Some of the major cults are the Jehovah's Witnesses, the Mormons, Christian Science and the Christadelphians. We are called to love and witness to all people, including members of the cults and other religions. Don't argue with them; politely ask them to give you their testimony. They won't have one because the cults have never met the living God. Speak in love and sow doubt into their mind. 

 Here, we still habitually give them credit which they do not deserve. We keep hoping for the best. We keep our eyes wide to the possibility that they know what they are doing, even as they take chances with the death of millions by an avoidable famine, with nuclear war, with unstable regimes. We keep giving them the benefit of the doubt. All they need to do is to maintain is a certain level of secrecy and confusion, to sow doubts about the fact that what they are perpetrating are acts of unjustifiable violence. 

 The Bible is not a collection of facts, events and stories. It is the Word of God. That word is inerrant, inspired and wholly dependable. That word cannot be broken. When the Devil sows doubts about God and His he is contradicting the Word of God. 

 The truth is, I failed. I tried as hard as I could to explain the sceptical, questioning viewpoint of the journalist, but my audience just didn't want to know. When they heard a tape of John Humphrys interviewing someone, they simply took exception to his approach, which they saw as negative and destructive. They were reluctant to accept my suggestion that journalists, whatever their personal faults, represented public opinion - and that business leaders would do well to tune in from time to time. Why was I sowing doubt where they wanted certainty? 

 By the way, the documentary film 'When We Were Kings' is simply superb. It follows the great Ali-Forman fight, the famous 'Rumble in The Jungle'. George Forman was at his absolute best then, feared by everyone, he seemed unstoppable, and many thought Ali way past his best. The film follows all the pre-fight build up as well as the fight itself. The way Ali psyched himself up, sowed doubts into the mind of Foreman, got everyone on his side, seduced the media, is just a masterclass. 

 Personal responsibility has been replaced by artificial rights - the right of those who can afford it to have whatever they choose. Just consider the ludicrous scenario in which xenotransplantation prospers. Both heart disease and cancer are largely diet-related. The more meat you eat, the more likely you are to suffer from both. Try to communicate this fact, however, and the vested interests of the meat industry will deny it, sowing doubt with exactly the same tactics that the tobacco industry has polished to perfection over the decades. 

 The first one married and died, and since he had no children, he left his wife to his brother. The same thing happened to the second and third brother, right on down to the seventh. Finally, the woman died. Now then, at the resurrection, whose wife will she be of the seven, since all of them were married to her? And liberal false teachers can be so polite. But as with these Sadducees, they often are not wanting solutions to problems but just to sow doubts. 

 The president argued that scientists could use the 60 stem-cell lines available as of 9 August 2001, but that federal funding would no longer be provided to develop new lines from human embryos or to conduct work on any new lines developed elsewhere. Mooney points out that this compromise left scientists with very little material for research, actually far fewer than even the 60 lines promised. But what Mooney fails to note is that several prominent scientists lined up behind Bush to congratulate him for his courage, and that major scientific bodies, including the American Society for Cell Biology and the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology, issued statements of support. Mooney is right when he says that Republicans are using science to advance moral arguments that they are otherwise failing to win. Republicans have, for example, deliberately sown doubt and confusion on the role of evolution in natural history in order to promote Biblical accounts of creation. 

 The members of this group are very active. And dangerous. They go among the factories, shipyards and coalfields, in the Labour, Trade Union and Co-operative organisations. They try to mislead the workers with cunning deception and lies. They hide their black aims with "red" talk. They sow doubt, suspicion and confusion, retard production and try to undermine the people's will to victory. 

 --instill doubt-- 

 Money laundering," was a law originally meant to give drug dealers long sentences, but now it can be added to almost any tax or other kind of financial charges the government levies against a defendant. The mail fraud part of the Federal allegations is primarily to make it appear as though David Duke has misused gifts from his supporters in gambling and other disreputable activities. The effort at character assassination should be transparent to every patriot. Making these kinds of charges and allegations is the most effective way to weaken the financial support (and it is very modest) Duke needs to fund his work. If the government is able to instill doubt in the mind of his supporters by these spurious allegations they are can choke off his support and greatly silence his voice. 

 This will be used to derive information and guidelines for the education of health professionals who counsel women in preparation for mastectomy and reconstruction. Findings Qualitative data analysis identified 3 styles of decision-making. This was used to classify women according to the way in which they had made their decision for or against breast reconstruction: 1. immediate/instant decision-makers (n = 78),- these women reported making easy, intuitive decisions whilst still in the consultation in which reconstruction was first discussed. Typically, one option was sufficiently salient as to facilitate a quick decision, yet factors such as hospital systems also appeared to facilitate this style of decision-making. These women sought information only after they had made their decision and this was a selective search that avoided information that might instill any doubt about their choice. 

 At the time of writing United are 15 points adrift with a game in hand. Let's assume that United win that game in hand and the difference is down to just 12 points. Tall order though it is to catch a team that has stopped at nothing (especially morals) to retain their distance, it's still not an impossible task. It depends on just a few more sides facing up to Chelsea with a bit of belief and refusing to be bullied into submission. The Barcelona games will have instilled a little doubt in the Rentboys camp, and if some plucky underdogs go into a Premiership game against them fancying their chances anything is possible. 

 But everyone has a personality whether good or bad. The same holds for quality. Every product or service has some quality which the customer will be the ultimate judge of. Superlatives such as "tastiest, best, fastest, strongest, superior, minimize, optimize". The problem with these words is that they instill doubt in the readers because these claims appear unsubstantiated. 

 Malebranche does not quite say here why he thinks things known through simple perception are impervious to the omnipotent-deceiver doubt, though his examples provide some indication. Descartes himself had said that even a malicious demon could not make him doubt his own existence, at least while he is presently attending to this question . Such doubts are self-defeating: if the demon deceives me about anything then I must exist in order to be deceived. Rather than offering an explanation of this kind, Malebranche is content here simply to report on his own psychological response to the 'extravagant supposition' of a deceiving God, which fails to instill doubts in him about such simple truths. 

 While tradition is important, if evangelicals/protestants thought it was the ultimate authority then the reformation would never have occurred. The second weakness of their presentation was that their Bible overview had virtually nothing that contradicted the other two views. The verses basically all supported the concept that God performed special creation (something the other two views agree with).The Day-Age view based most of their arguments on how well scientific discoveries correlate with the sequence of events in Genesis 1. The science presented was very convincing. Unfortunately, neither of the other 2 teams had the knowledge or inclination to dialog on any of those issues (other than a few feeble attempts to instill doubt in the scientific evidence). 

 Epistemic insouciance is not just a posture but an affective posture. Such postures are distinguished from epistemic stances, which are policies that one can adopt or reject. Epistemic malevolence is an example of an epistemically vicious epistemic stance that issues in active attempts to undermine the knowledge possessed by a specified group of individuals. An example of epistemic malevolence in action is the so-called 'tobacco strategy.' I argue that epistemic malevolence undermines knowledge by instilling doubts about respectable sources of evidence. 

 Their goal is clear: To cause chaos in Egypt and bring down its democratic system, a system that had once brought them to power, however, their reign was neither fruitful nor remarkable. It was less than mediocre; disastrous. To avenge themselves, they are trying to spread poverty and destruction by spreading false information or "alternative facts," as Kellyanne Conway, Counsellor to Donald Trump would call them. In short, the spread lies with the aim of scaring and terrorising people and bringing down morale, with the ultimate goal of ensuring that Egypt does not progress. Doha's regime and the Muslim Brotherhood have repeatedly attempted to destabilize Egyptian society and instill doubt and suspicion into the minds and hearts of Egypt's communities through spreading rumors and false accusations or stories regarding the Egyptian government and people. 

 In all of his years tracking Nessie sightings, he said that he's never seen nor heard of an image of the creature lit by the moon. For those keeping score at home, this marks the third 'official' Nessie sighting accepted by Campbell's group for 2018. Ironically, of the two other sightings so far this year, one of them also happened to be from a young girl at Loch Ness who noticed something out of the ordinary on the water. Why Nessie appeared to the pair of youngsters is something of a mystery, although skeptics may say that it has something to do with the imaginative minds of children. Fans of the 'monster,' on the other hand, might argue that young people are ideal candidates for an encounter, since they have not been subjected to the decades of debunking which has instilled doubt in the minds of most adults. 

 Hence, those days of cross-examination about exactly how Dennis Fung had transported blood samples, or the fact that Los Angeles detective Mark Fuhrman had used racial slurs when talking to a screenwriter in 1986. If anything, they were actually helped by the mountain of evidence. If a haystack gets big enough, the odds only increase that there will be a few needles hidden inside. Whatever they managed to find, they made the most of: in closing arguments, for instance, Cochran compared Fuhrman to Adolf Hitler and called him "a genocidal racist, a perjurer, America's worst nightmare, and the personification of evil." His only real audience was the jury, many of whom had good reason to dislike the Los Angeles Police Department, but the team managed to instill considerable doubt in lots of Americans tuning in on TV as well. 