--stir excitement-- 

 Mrs Sargent was kind; she took them for drives in the car. Once she had taken them to the cinema and Oliver had been sick with excitement and ice-cream. But it was Mr Sargent Emmie liked best. She thought about him a lot. When she went next door she would go into the bathroom just to see where he kept his flannel and what kind of toothpaste he used. Just to see his silk dressing-gown hanging on the back of the door or his watch lying on the edge of the basin, stirred an unfathomable excitement in her. 

 Dr Ken Dark is an archaeologist and a Lecturer in Politics at the University of Reading Photography, [...] Now here's an odd thing. Photographic books about ancient sites and monuments are rare enough, and here are two arriving at once, with almost the same title, covering much the same ground. Many of the same sites appear in both books. Both, however, are welcome. A fine photograph has unparallelled power to stir, or re-stir, an excitement about the past. 

 Certainly his wisdom is sorely missed. NHSCA has always maintained its independence and stance of not being aligned to any political party. Nor would we suggest to members how they should vote; it would in any case be more than usually difficult on this occasion. The Executive Committee is however working on a form of 'manifesto', indicating the sort of policies and priorities we would wish the next government to follow and we hope to have that displayed on our website and publicised in other ways before the Election comes. This event failed to stir great excitement, except in a few constituencies with special factors, with the reasons for holding it a year early never adequately explained. 

 After the anticipated 'no-change' verdict, the FTSE 100 index ended the day down 16.3 at 5423.5 as Wall Street opened down more than 20 points. A clutch of trading updates and results gave little direction to the broader market. Royal & SunAlliance, up 13/4p at 1061/2p, was deemed boringly in line with expectations but boosted other insurers. Friends Provident was 3p higher at 1873/4p while Legal & General edged up 11/4p to 1111/4p. Invensys stirred more excitement among second-liners, its strong order pipeline boosting demand for the electronics and engineering group. 

 She reminisced as her hands lovingly caressed the bottle, and then she snatched the lid off and sprayed the scent into the air. The droplets of the perfume hung there temporarily like a cloud exuding its spicy aroma. She inhaled deeply before she stepped inside the mist allowing the vapour to settle on her skin. The sensual balmy fragrance provoking exotic images to her mind - of an eastern woman, scantily dressed in sheer mauve fabrics, the curves of her body clearly visible beneath. Jewels enhancing her half veiled beauty, the gems catching the flickering candle light as she danced, slowly and seductively her body wiggling, entwining with the music, stirring excitement in her observers. 

 The breadth and reach of his collaboration work continues in 2015 with the release of his new album 'Duets: Re-working The Catalogue'. Featuring singers as influential and diverse as Bobby Womack, Gregory Porter, Mavis Staples and Michael Bublé, the album re-works songs handpicked from Morrison's catalogue of over 360 tracks across his career. Including songs such as Real Real Gone, Higher Than The World and Irish Heartbeat, the album was recorded in his home town of Belfast and London over the last year, using a variety of musicians and fresh arrangements. With one of the most revered catalogues in music history and his unparalleled talents as composer, singer and performer Morrison's past achievements loom large. But, as throughout his extraordinary career, how that past informs his future achievements and still stirs excitement and keen anticipation. 

 Furthermore, the work had also sat in a New Jersey basement for years. But after the homeowners died, their adult children hired Nye and Co. to comb the property for valuables. Nye paid the residence a personal visit, but the Rembrandt-in-disguise didn't stick out among offerings like old furniture, silver, and other artworks. And "at no point prior to the sale did anyone show any interest in the painting," the appraiser later said in a statement. "We had absolutely no inquiries, nor did it stir excitement at the preview." 

 You now have an official statement of what you will achieve and when. Now go do it. Tony Robbins first gained attention in infomercials where he promoted Jim Rohn's seminars. He then started his own seminars. Today, Tony Robbins is one of the most famous self help gurus in the world. Tony Robins' seminars are known for their personality. They're designed to stir excitement. 

 The Missouri River road brought Lewis and Clark (and Sacajawea) here; between July 16, 1805 and July 24 to be exact; their Journal entries tell us what they saw, what they did, and how they felt about it all. Lewis writes that they killed a buffalo near the river on July 16, and dined on it for breakfast. On the 17th he notes the sunflowers blooming abundantly in the river bottom. The next day he writes of his eagerness to meet up with the Shoshone as he hopes to get information from them. But it's the entry of July 19 that stirs excitement for me today, as I head for the "gates of the mountains," to see what Captain Lewis described in his journal. 

 "It is a difficult thing to meet all that is required federally while also trying to provide what is needed for students locally." Meanwhile, Hannigan Machado continues her big push to get academic and CTE teachers to collaborate closely in order to find new ways of engaging students, especially struggling learners. "We're asking teachers more and more to work together on projects, so they can complement each other, provide more opportunities for students to connect with what's being taught," she said. Michelle Strout, Manchester School of Technology business teacher, teaches a freshman soft skills class. When Michelle Strout, a business teacher at MST, brought together her class and the Culinary Arts program to conceive and market the meal delivery plan, it stirred so much excitement among staff and students that Strout's class was invited to collaborate with five other CTE programs, brainstorming ideas about how to market services and products and generate income. 

 --cause excitement-- 

 Rather the commander must give orders which express the common feelings of his troops. This war will be very different from the war in the West. In the East, harshness today means leniency in the future. Commanders must make the sacrifice of overcoming their personal scruples. This seemed to have caused some excitement among those present, who, of course, recognized it as being brutal, murderous and uncivilized. 

 But I said straight after the last election, I said that one of the things that did impress me and worry me on the doorstep was people saying to me if you are from, you know not a poor income but a middle income family, it is a lot of money to find out of your taxed income to put your children through university. And that is where we came, not arising out of a few people in Downing Street, we came to the conclusion that we were best to move to a situation where you don't have to pay any fees going through university but the graduate makes a repayment afterwards. And when you look round the world and see the countries doing best in higher education - Australia, New Zealand, Canada, the United States of America - this is the system, with variants, that they have got and that is why we have done it. Question: You met with Mariano Rajoy on Tuesday and you told him that you were prepared to continue conversations about Gibraltar after if Party au Popular came back to victory. That has caused a lot of excitement in Spain because people understand that you are committed to restarting conversations that are "dead" since the summer of 2002. 

 This PDA is for the user who desires a high degree of portability but who still needs to carry around a lot of data (the 16mb RAM helps) and who wants a good quality screen. I have no trouble recommending the SJ30 as it walks all over much of the Palm OS competition in terms of memory, screen quality and battery life. The M515, T625 etc. have a very hard job competing with this. Remember- if you have been put off the NR by it's size you could always go for the SJ, an MS Camera and the MP3 attachment for not much more than an NR70V and all you would lose is the hi-res+ screen but would gain a LOT of portability. Oh yes- my wife LOVES this machine as well and I was surprised to see it cause more excitement at work than the NR. 

 That's what the Prime Minister told us in his speech at the e-summit in London last week. But there isn't enthusiasm for broadband across the public sector. And why should there be when real evidence of broadband's effectiveness is so thin on the ground? Anecdotal evidence is all around us. That was enough to cause excitement in the days of the dot com boom and it's still useful today to brighten up politicians' speeches. 

 The tribesmen managed to set fire to this hedge but the flames were extinguished by sikhs working under heavy rifle fire. That night the firing from the Orakzais increased and it was decided that a prearranged bonfire be set alight to provide some light in the way that flares are used now to illuminate approaching enemy troops. Two men volunteered for this suicidal task; Sepoy Ghula Singh and Sepoy Wariam Singh. They rushed towards the enemy and lit the fire before returning to the fort under a hail of bullets, reaching safety unharmed. Relief? On the 9th Sept the sentries on the eastern outposts saw something that caused great excitement thoughout the Samana fortifications. 

 Check out our photo album to see extra pictures of us on our adventures! We've been to the BEACH, BRISTOL ZOO, FRUIT PICKING, BOATING LAKE just like we would with our own families. So when Mum's and Dad's are busy with go with our friends from Nursery!!! Toddler or Pre-School parents can volunteer to look after the rabbit (Wiggles) and/or the Guinea Pig (Toffee) on week-ends. Several of the children have now taken them home and this has caused much excitement - and lots of news to tell on Monday mornings!!! 

 Foster turned well to get a shot on target, but was annoyed to see his effort blocked once more by a resiliant Olney defence. Olney spurred on by the fact that they could still get back into the game, mounted more attacks but between John Hughes in goal and Tom Sharp in the centre of the Wellingborough defence, crosses were kept out with ease. The 90 minutes was now up and the concensus of opinion was that there would be about 4 minutes of Injury Time to play. Olney continued to pressure and created a few scary moments for the home side. Wellingborough's defence was holding out and after about 5 minutes of injury time had elapsed, the ball was pumped long up the field and Olney's keeper came off his line and sliced his clearance causing yet more excitement for the home supporters. 

They all began grabbing the basket and trying to lift and carry it into the changing room. No doubt having seen their nurses do this many times made them very excited at the prospect of doing it themselves. It was a very sweet gesture on their behalf and adorable to watch, however, the babies did not get very far with the weight and size of the basket that was massive in comparison to them. It was a beautiful, bright and breezy day and the some of the babies were out for a stroll with their nurse. As they played happily under a palm tree, one of the volunteers lifted a child up to hang off the trunk of the tree. This caused major excitement and within minutes there was a queue of babies all giggling, waiting for their turn.

 There are two large windows so it doesn't get dark but the lowering light level makes the birds go into twitter mode and noise and activity slows down. The day starts at about 7 30am when the birdroom is opened up. As the door is opened the noise level rises as they realise that food is on the way. The budgies are fed on a 50/50 mixture of canary seed and white millet supplemented with, tonic seed, seeding grasses and chickweed in season. There are baskets hanging from the roof of the flights and the placing of the greenfood causes great excitement as they all try to be the first to get to the tastiest morsel. 

 I ran back to my mistress and told her I had forgotten it, but did not tell her the reason why. Henry Bibb , The Life and Adventures of an American Slave (1851) Slaves were not allowed books, pen, ink, nor paper, to improve their minds. There was a Miss Davies, a poor white girl, who offered to teach a Sabbath School for the slaves. Books were supplied and she started the school; but the news got to our owners that she was teaching us to read. This caused quite an excitement in the neighbourhood.  