--story grab-- 

 I'd forgotten the pride which comes from watching your own unpaid hard work on screen. There's something special about having friends round, slipping a DVDo into the player saying "here's what I made with some mates" and then waiting for the praise to flow. Documentaries are all very well but they tend to be made with small teams and unless the subject interests the audience, they only are good for one showing. There's something about a scripted drama or comedy which excites the imagination. A good story can grab the audience and force them to suspend belief for a while. 

 There are some stories that are archetypal, that resonate with all of us as human beings regardless of age, background or culture. We're all cast out of our own home at some point as a child, and we're forced to matriculate through life, struggling to find our identity. Well that metaphor on an expanded level is what Battlestar is all about - you're cast out of your homeland, struggling to survive in the most challenging conditions. Like Moses and the Israelites, roaming in the desert for 40 years, having to come together as a group moving in the same direction. I just think that this epic story grabbed everybody 25 years ago, and they never forgot it. 

 A very good and gripping story, the moving around in time worked wll and yoou could believe the importality of the vilan of the peice. Well closed off and well acted. A bit dull really. Nobody in the cast stands out except for Grayle. The suprise villians aren't used well and the Romans are unusually tough (destroying a Dalek with no casualties!!!). This story just didn't grab me at all I'm afraid. 

 The romantic subplots are unconvincing, and the endless product placement seems out of place in such a homespun fable. The film suffers from a central paradox. For us to engage with Viktor, he needs to be reasonably smart and resourceful. However, for the plot to work, he needs to willingly imprison himself in an airport for nine months, which makes him sound a bit thick. Consequently, the story never grabs us, as Viktor is either too smart to really get stuck like this, or too dumb for us to care. 

 Burlingham chooses several smallish companies, including, among others, some you may have heard of: Clif Bar, Righteous Babe Records and Anchor Brewing. Anchor Brewing's founder may have a familiar ring: Maytag. This is business, personal-interest style. Yet rigorous. The anecdotes include real dollars, real struggles, and meaningful triumph. The stories grab you from the start: Clif Bar partners were about to close a deal yielding them $60 million each. 

 The whole process must be logical, with lots of excitement, use of theatrical tricks like sound, lighting, music and, in the case of THE WITCHES, stage illusion. I particularly like using magic, because it takes me back to my conjuring roots! Some plays can patronise children -- how do you get round this? By telling the story honestly and excitingly, and never underestimating children's ability to understand. Most children, if the story grabs them, pay far more attention to what is going on than adults. 

 While the two always had a fierce attachment, by turns intimate and tumultuous, decades of fractious and contentious and frustrating interactions found a reprieve after the birth of Catherine's daughter, Olive. Witty and direct, weaving back and forth in time, the book charts the transformation of this volatile and unique mother-daughter relationship from longing to connection. A book about love, mortality, and the nature of family bonds, 'It Hit Me Like A Ton of Bricks' is a must-read for anyone trying to navigate their way through the distance between their fantasies of love and the realities of family relationships. Reviews 'It Hit Me Like a Ton of Bricks' is written with such disarming honesty that it would be uncomfortably unsettling if it weren't tempered by equal doses of stunning wit. The story sneaks up on you and grabs you and before you know it, it's tomorrow morning. 

 You really feel for the ship's resident stand-up guy, being swept aside to be replaced by new and more attractive ship entertainment, aka Cirque Fantastique. It makes the twist at the end all the more satisfying yet creepy... Thoughtful and Funny 14 Aug 2006 reviewer: Jonathan C, United Kingdom A great story about a stand up comic trying to hold on to his piece of show business. Stephen Frost captures the characture and is convincingly angry. His co-star matches him well. Sweeney's script spins a story that grabs and tickles. 

 This is a book of great depth that manages to combine a modern mystery with two completely different dimensions - one historical and one spiritual. Writing a good mystery is an art in itself. I've reviewed a lot of them and it takes a really good writer to make me care about the characters as people and to feel involved in their lives and their tribulations. Usually I read them in a detached way, assessing the characterization, setting, dialogue and so on. This story grabbed me from the beginning and I cared about Jack, Winnie, Fiona and the others and what happened to them. 

 The film is set in an area of Japan next to a US air force base back in the 1960s, just before the start of the Vietnam war. There is a bigger threat to the base than that of the upcoming war, that is of attacks by a number of Vampires. A top secret team of undercover agents dispatch a young girl by the name of Saya to investigate the problem, a girl who has a secret that makes her the only person who can handle a gang of vampires. While the story makes this one of the strongest manga titles to date, it does have a small problem, it is just far too short. Literally, just as the story really grabs you, you suddenly realise that the film is about to finish, only 40 minutes after it started, making the shortest film I've ever seen!! 

 --story intrigue-- 

 This is a real standout from a writer whose previous thrillers have earned him a solid following among mystery fans. Jane Adams Customer Reviews of The Stone Monkey (A Lincoln Rhyme Novel) Customer Rating: Review Summary: My first Rhyme novel Review: This is the first book I read by Jeffery Deaver. It was hard at first to visualize the condition Lincoln is in pertaining to the wheel chair and his disability. After a while I did not think about his disability, but how his mind worked to solve the crime. He works well with Amelia and the story intrigued me until the end. 

 I would recommend it to: people interested in animals and war stories. Boys and girls. Catherine gave it The Scarecrow's Servant by Philp Pullman What is it about? A scarecrow who tries to find his way in the world and comes across a boy who he employs as his servant. Hence, the title. Why did you like it? The scarecrow was ridiculously funny and the whole story intrigued you to find out what happened to the scarecrow and whether the story came to a 'happy ending'. 

 There are many reasons why the sight of an object may stir up potent feelings. Perhaps it is beautiful, or appealingly grotesque. Perhaps it carries some symbolic meaning; perhaps it has associations that touch us in some way. Maybe it reminds us of old memories. It may represent or allude to a scene from a story that moves or intrigues us. 

 Two grade A, 1st Class, 100% stunts this time, in fine fettle, with knobs, bells and whistles all securely attached. In both cases, be aware, you may well see precisely identical stories unfolding on your local cinema screen within a year or two. Because that's the nature of the successful stunt nowadays. Not to promote or advertise something else, or even something akin, but to BE the thing in its own right. So in the best Robert McKee tradition of screenwriting theory the story must intrigue, must contain an inciting incident, and must then have peaks and troughs, 5 acts and a denouement. 

 Known simply as ``the Bike Man,'' Stuecke ranked as the world's most-traveled man in the Guinness Book of Records between 1995 and 1999. Quiet Admiration There's a bit of Stuecke in all of us, which is why we find stories such as his so appealing. While most of us settle down to a job and family life, we also succumb to fleeting moments when we wonder whether it might not have been better just to cycle off into the horizon than spending another day paying the mortgage. When we read about men such as Stuecke, it is impossible not to admire their commitment to freedom and the open road. Yet the story also intrigued readers because it told us something about modern England. 

 A ferocious scene such as this - in which we are made to experience something anew, in a completely fresh, raw, painful way - is so rare in the cinema that I urge people to see Caché almost for this one supremely powerful moment alone. If it were not for this scene, however, the film would still certainly have plenty of intriguing eccentricities to recommend it. Haneke’s direction is at all times precise, intense and simultaneously detached, playing games with our perceptions of events, inviting us to question everything that we see. The rendering of all the characters is - thanks to superb performances from (in particular) Juliette Binoche and Daniel Autueil - unfalteringly realistic, yet also retains enough mystery and indefinable strangeness to never become mundane. The story intrigues us with narrative trails that lead nowhere, hints of things that are never explicitly stated, and a perplexing central question that is intentionally never fully answered. 

 DJs visit Radio One star DJs Bobby Friction and Nihal took time out from a national tour to visit Nottingham Trent University and share the secrets of their success with current students. Human communication book How do others 'see us' when we communicate with them? What messages do we really send, and how are they interpreted by others? Language Centre scholarships Two international students gained a taste of Nottingham Trent University teaching and hospitality after winning special scholarships through the British Council. Blake research Discoveries in the 18th century archives of a little-known religious sect have been the trigger for a literary detective story which has intrigued scholars around the world. 

 I see producing films as a linear progression from my childhood memories. JM: The genre you chose for your first feature film is unusual, brave even. What attracted you to the fantasy world, dragons, dank dungeons, dragon catchers and the like? KDB: Let the record state that I like all genres and not just dragons! I wanted to get away from the standard Tarantino rip-offs, sex and violence and kitchen sink angst - the kind of thing so many first-timers churn out. To be honest, fantastic creatures and magical adventure stories always intrigued me and I knew there was a lot of interest in Dragons. 

 Note the emphasis on 'really.' If this is the motivation, you should be making documentaries. Even then, documentaries succeed according to HOW they present their characters, HOW their characters exist, given their reality, or HOW their stories are told. The fact that they are true is not sufficient, even in documentaries; (ix) Stories that derive their only 'interest value' from 'what happens.' A good story intrigues the reader, engages them, holds their attention and draws them through the text with a skillful and timely release of information. 

 The gates would have accommodated giants, and the ramparts would have had room for processions of elephants ten deep. The first enormous gate that we entered was scarred by cannon balls and the Maharaja Man Singh built another, the Jayapol gate, in 1806 following his victory over the armies of Jaipur and Bikaneer. The Maharaja Ajit Singh commemorated his defeat of the Mughals by building the Victory gate. The most fascinating was the Iron Gate. Colossal and covered in spikes, there was a series of sati marks [handprints] beside it. Their story intrigued me. 