--tackle question-- 

 They seemed to process information differently to normal children, and seemed specifically impaired in extracting 'meaningful structure' from stimuli. For example, whereas the normal child can recall more information in a word list if the words are meaningful, children with autism seemed equally good at memory tasks whether the items to be recalled were meaningful or meaningless. This gave an important clue that when children with autism perceive the world, they might see it very differently from the rest of us. But how was this going to explain their uniquely social difficulties? A big impetus for autism research came from an unexpected direction: researchers in developmental psychology were tackling the the question 'How does a child become social? 

 However, the planning system, like other forms of regulation, is primarily about restraint and limitations. Inappropriate restraints, based on historic preconceptions, may prove to be damaging to the development of prosperous and well-serviced communities. Such restraints may lock in poverty and inequalities while favouring less sustainable business and residential development. Will people travel less or more in the "Information Age? Elsewhere in Flexibility we tackle in detail the questions concerning the effects of ICT on transport . 

 At the start of the evening, I was expectant but wary. However entertaining the device of a debate, its false dichotomy can obfuscate the real questions, sacrificing constructive dialogue on the altar of entertainment. Perhaps the question would be better posed along the lines of "should geriatric medicine have a future? and "if so, what kind of geriatric medicine does the NHS need or would we as its practitioners like to see? "How can we best ensure that the specialty adapts to secure its future? and "How can we ensure that it works mainly to promote better care of older people rather than simply to perpetuate itself? A fascination of the evening would be to see how the four protagonists tackled the same question from a variety of angles. 

 She has a whole campus of experts to call on, experts in just about everything. From global warming to neural networks. From Jane Austen to soil nematodes. From cow belching to quasars. And remember -- the university is just about the only place left that still employs philosophers. So Dr. Universe can tackle the really big questions. 

 The Boulby Underground Laboratory for Dark Matter Research has constructed the world's most sensitive dark matter detector and placed new limits on the detection of dark matter particles. How did the Universe evolve into the form we see today? Current theories,supported by recent observations, suggest that the first galaxies must have formed when the Universe was a few hundred million years old. But just how did the galaxies we see today arise from pre-galactic structures and how did the very first stars form? A priority for the next 10 years will be to tackle these questions by observing the earliest stages of galaxy formation and by following the historical evolution of galaxy types through to the present day. 

 Having talked to many of my constituents, I find that many accept that some of the changes must be paid for, and this may be one of the least offensive ways of doing that. However, the Government will have to deal with the issue of inequalities in life expectancy between people in different parts of the country, and between different types of worker. Problems will be stored up if manual workers are expected to work until they are in their late sixties, although they have a shorter life expectancy than others. The Government must think about today's pensioners as well. They must tackle the question of why so many pensioners do not claim pension credit and other benefits to which they are entitled. 

 In 1798 the Ulster magistracy had been found wanting but in the immediate aftermath they seem to have found a role in assessing compensation on a very substantial scale. Admittedly, it is unlikely that this would have appealed to rebels and their sympathisers but it surely did to others in Ulster and perhaps elsewhere. At the very least, Curtin's and Bartlett's research suggests that an examination of the role of the magistracy in the aftermath of the rebellion might yield some interesting results. There are two other essays to be considered. Tommy Graham tackles the question of why the leadership of the United Irish movement shifted from Belfast to Dublin, 1796-98, and proposes that the answer lies in the incapacity of the Belfast leaders and the comparatively sparse troop levels in the Dublin area. 

 In practice, the height of free fall does not differ very much from one drop hammer to another around 3ft is typical. So it is convenient, though not good engineering, to quote the size of a drop hammer as simply the weight of the tup. It is not surprising that we did not get very far in looking at the weights of different parts of a helve hammer to answer our question. We are now able to rephrase our question more precisely as: 'What size of drop hammer will deliver the same energy at each blow as the Wortley No 2 hammer?,. In order to tackle this question, we need some knowledge of dynamics. 

 The EU lives by principles which it holds sacrosanct, but which the peoples have never been asked to ratify. Secondly, in 1963, the jurisprudence of the European Court of Justice was concerned narrowly with the limited and technical fields of law necessary for the maintenance of the internal market. Within these strict confines, the supremacy of European law was arguably defensible. But as the years have passed, the EU has steadily enlarged its own areas of competence, even including competences which are the core of a sovereign state without reconsidering the principle of its legal supremacy. We cannot now hand over to Brussels yet more fields of jurisdiction without tackling this question. 

 On the same letters page, one Emily Mitchell of Bath, an undergraduate, reported how she must hold down two jobs to pay for her tuition. Her chief message: 'Higher education is important for a successful life, however, in England at least, it comes at a heavy price'. With these people in mind, I do not take the question at hand lightly. In fact, I feel humbled by those students because they are straight up and honest about their experiences of higher education in England at the present time, and are willing to go through a lot to acquire their education and secure their futures. With this in mind, I propose to tackle the question 'What value education? 

 --address question-- 

 Addressing information security on a global level clearly raises questions. Many within the defense, national security and intelligence communities rightly raise concerns about what international actually means. Yet, we must address these questions with solutions and not simply ignore the international arena. To enable the dialogue that is needed in this area, ITAA and WITSA conducted the first Global Information Security Summit in Fall 2000. This event brought together industry, government and academia representatives from around the world to begin the process of addressing these international questions.  

 How much bandwidth will there be? What will people use it for? But just as importantly, we need to understand the relationship between broadband and wider aspects of rural life. What changes will broadband help and hinder within rural economies, societies and environments? This report seeks to address these questions. 

 The lens intervenes and alters. Prudence watches out for "opportunity (which haveth a bushy forehead, and being bald-pated, and moreover having wings, does quickly slip away) and catcheth it". This is Comenius's Angelus Novus - who in Benjamin is the one facing the past, while propelled to the future, by the storm of progress caught in his wings. If the angel of history could propose a mode of seeing in order to act, he would carry out the paradoxical act of putting the world back together again - he would like to rest awhile, awaken the dead, and make whole what has been smashed - and smashing to pieces its old order - the one that made fascism possible. Benjamin addresses the question of the world's ordering through concepts in evoking the image of the kaleidoscope in the child's hand, which with every turn collapses all order into a new order. 

 CU was just 8 million short of the total funds needed for the lab, yet if just a tenth of the grand claims they made about the laboratory in the media were true, they would surely have had no trouble finding the funding. Why (after years) was Cambridge still unable to finance the project? Why did CU include in their announcement that they could not afford the necessary security? Would more money be available if the principle purpose of a grant were to shore up Government policy in the fight against 'terrorism'? The media failed to address any of these questions. 

 With this in mind, I am mystified and perplexed by this statement: "you seem still to not have grasped why they are doing this…may I suggest that there will be few if any available for any two way traffic. The Nigerian church dwarfs the ECUSA nd its the ECUSA which is splitting apart not the Nigerian church..." Goliath was a belligerent giant, and he was brought low by a youth with a slingshot. Might is Right" is not a Christian principle: your "Might is Right" doesn’t wash. Cinemas attract more people than churches of any stripe - does this mean that Hollywood is the One True Faith? If the greatest global numbers of posteriors meeting pews is the measure of Right-ness, then all Anglicans should have accepted the authority of the Pope long ago. You haven't addressed my question about the consequences of the Nigerians consecrating Minns as a missionary bishop to his own area: you’ve only given your view of the causes. 

 The wider European and international evidence base, particularly from the US and Canada, can be a rich resource for the UK but we should be cautious when relating these findings to the UK context. Analysis should take account of the different policy frameworks and federal structure. Offenders are often excluded or marginalised within the research process. Researchers need to involve more learners who have direct experience of education and training and to make use of their experience of learning within their custodial or community learning environments. The criminal justice system is a major context of their lives and they are in the best position to address questions about motivation and further aspirations. 

 Even those organic intellectuals working specifically with feminist agendas refuse to be associated with the identity. Secondly, the theoretical work suffers because there seems to be a schism between theory and practice. This defensiveness is a consequence of lack of coherence and schisms in the politics itself. Many feminists of the developing world take issue with the agenda of the feminists of the developed countries. In its inability to address these serious questions from the developing world, feminism as a whole suffers. 

 Examples are being drawn from education, other public services and business. Throughout the unit participants are encouraged to clarify their own area of research interests in respect of the issues raised, and to develop a set of research questions which they will carry forward and modify in the light of subsequent units. Participants are expected to analyse cases of innovation and change critically, making reference to a range of theoretical contexts and disciplinary perspectives. The unit is multi-disciplinary drawing on insights from a variety of disciplines. It will address four central questions: What do we mean by 'institutional change'? 

 The evidence is difficult to decipher. It is clear that in its attempts to reveal the truth about human rights violation, deep wounds were reopened and the process seemed to lead to anger and frustration rather than to a feeling of reconciliation. The granting of reparations seemed to lose its symbolic value given the worsening poverty in Soweto and other black townships. Crime has worsened and along with it, disillusionment and hopelessness among black and coloured citizens and increasing fear and flight in the white community. I will address the question of what can we learn from this situation at the conclusion of my talk. 

 This in turn raises the issue of what models we might construct which help us understand how a system relates to (and affects) its business context. Similar issues arise with various other of the unique characteristics of digital, online or Web systems. In effect, much work remains on supporting the wide adoption of emerging modelling approaches and development processes. There are numerous unanswered questions concerning aspects such as: what these models ought to capture; how they relate information design to functional design; and how the design process accommodates changing client and developer understanding of information designs during the development. This special issue provides a sample of work that is beginning to address some of these questions. 