--taste freedom-- 

 The most fantastic stories were spread by the press describing a court dominated by German spies, sexual orgies and sybaritic luxury ... ' Bloggy. 'ibiblio ProductLabs proudly introduces Bloggy, the world's first automated blogging robot. Say hello to Bloggy! ' The Underground Railroad. 'You are a slave. Your body, your time, your very breath belong to a farmer in 1850s Maryland. Six long days a week you tend his fields and make him rich. You have never tasted freedom. 

 And why this is a task for the whole of the international community. I say to those who will protest when President Bush comes. Protest if you will. That is your democratic right. Attack the decision to go to war, though have the integrity to realise that without it, those Iraqis now tasting freedom would still be under the lash of Saddam, his sons and their henchmen. 

 Possessiveness in all its forms leads to a life of limitation. For example, if one covets the love of someone but instead of winning the love of that person loses it to another, there ensues a narrowing down and strangling of the free life of the spirit -- and one has an acute consciousness of limitation. This is the origin of the pain of suffocating jealousy. But if one looks at the situation with a heart purged of longing, the love that is received by the other will be seen in its natural beauty. In the clarity of perception that comes through nonpossessiveness, one will not only taste the freedom of nonduality, but also its joy. 

 Well I'm shattered, so I don't know how anyone who's been more actively involved in today is feeling! There were good bits in the afternoon, but it still felt like sitting in on someone else's conversation. In the nanopublishing (I don't get it, why is it called nano, what's nano about it?) session the panel (esp Jason Calacanis) engaged more with the backchannel which was projected onto the main screen with people calling them out as they spoke on what their business models were - clearly some old grudges being played out here and some business rivalry too. There was also some to-and-fro on the journalist v blogger argument - are bloggers wannabe journalists? Wouldn't journalists like to taste some of the freedoms of blogging, and get paid for it?

 Malcolm also managed to take a break and trek to the Everest Base Camp. He says, "I will certainly take back very great memories as a reward for coming to Nepal. Christine, who stayed on in Kathmandu while he was away, says she had a wonderful and relaxing stay. I enjoyed all the things that Kathmandu has to offer, the temples, the streets and the friendliness of the people," she says. From here they go next to India and may bike it back through Tibet and China or take the boat to Southeast Asia depending on the political situation before reaching New Zealand. An amazing couple who responded to that longing inside them to taste freedom by riding through foreign lands and seeing the world at their pace. 

 Besides, having burnt all of my bridges behind me, I couldn't not succeed. I was simply not coming back. My life until now had been mostly messy, confusing and painful. Also very lonely, for people confused and scared me. It was only during my deep sojourns into nature, my periods of contemplation, and times close to Spirit that my soul soared and tasted the freedom and fulfilment that I knew was my birthright. 

 The fact that there's a lunar eclipse that day heightens that need. Indeed, it could be that your focus in the next fortnight (until the solar eclipse on 22nd) will be very strong indeed. True, this could be triggered by unexpected events on Monday which underline the need for change. And true, you've had several sidewinders thrust your way in recent years - and these haven't left you racing for more education. Now though, you may want to taste the freedom that comes with more understanding, and you may be ready to embark on a quest that underlines your need to be at the cutting-edge of developments in area that has always fascinated you. 

 He was clearly a humane man because he wrote: 'I could never ask a sick human being to pay me for the care that I have given him. 'In the autumn of 1891, Yersin's contract with the Messageries ended and he began exploring full-time, leading a major expedition from Nha Trang to Phnom Penh in Cambodia. Yersin returned to Europe for the winter of 1892, to see his family in Switzerland and to meet former colleagues in Paris, where the weather is terrible, sad and cold. 'He had decided that he could no longer countenance a scientific career in France, and not just because of the chilly climate. 'Life in a laboratory there [Paris] would seem impossible to me after having tasted the freedom and life of the open air. 

 Reg was better than to have lost you inside Jail, I hope that you find your peace now - that should have been given to you years ago. You will be remembered and thought of often. Take care old warrior and god bless... To Roberta and Family: Would just like to offer my condolences to you and the rest of Reggie's family and friends. I never met Reggie personally, but know he was a Gentleman, a fighter to the last. He is now at peace and tasting freedom with the rest of his family, which should have been given to him many many years ago. 

 None of us had ever seen this sort of treatment given to any of our servicemen before, but the Japs just accepted it and got on with their work. I was immediately aware that if they'd do this to their own, then there was no point in any of us complaining because we'd obviously receive worse treatment. I admit that initially, I felt sorry for this soldier after seeing his public humiliation, but it was the last time I ever felt any compassion towards any of them. All of us in years to come would receive beatings far in excess of this spectacle on our first day of captivity. It was to become a way of life and sadly, some would receive one beating too many, and never taste freedom again. 

 --experience freedom-- 

 Anecdotal evidence indicates that adolescent males, in particular, will try things when wearing a helmet that they would not consider without. If, as sceptics claim, the evidence for the benefits of helmets is inconclusive, that is a strong argument for being very careful indeed about the way helmets are promoted, as the TRL acknowledged in their report no. We were born, it seems, less than six months apart. Presumably you discovered cycling, as I did, as a first taste of independent mobility. My children are starting to experience the same freedom, but against a much tougher background of roads choked with aggressive and often inattentive drivers. 

 For before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the circumcision. And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also was carried away with their dissimulation. In the previous verses of this chapter we looked back into history as Paul relived for us his encounter with Peter and James in Jerusalem. With a mighty cheer and great big feeling of atta boy we were delighted to see Peter standing up for Paul and backing his ministry to the gentiles. It was during this time in Acts chapter 15 that Peter was able to experience freedom. 

 They were no longer living for the prestige, possessions, and pleasures of this world that so many of us today who call ourselves Christians still pursue. A life-changing reality The resurrection of Christ gives hope to us all. It offers the Muslim assurance that there is forgiveness. It offers the poor and downtrodden the promise that the suffering of this world is not all there is. And it offers to each of us the foretaste of God's new reality, the future made present, where we can begin to experience freedom from fear, shame, rejection, and slavery to destructive habits. 

 Rather, they are results of what we do with our minds: We can choose to transform our minds so that they embody love, or we can allow them to develop habits and false concepts of separation. The real glory of meditation lies not in any method but in its continual living experience of presence, in its bliss, clarity, peace, and most important of all, complete absence of grasping. The diminishing of grasping in yourself is a sign that you are becoming freer of yourself. And the more you experience this freedom, the clearer the sign that the ego and the hopes and fears that keep it alive are dissolving, and the closer you will come to the infinitely generous "wisdom of egolessness. 

 It is not duty, or promise to behave some particular way desired by some authority. Responsibility is living in the awareness and acceptance of the possible consequences of one's behaviour. And freedom, what is freedom? Freedom is the experience of choosing what one chooses in awareness and acceptance of its consequence. Thus one experiences freedom in the narrow constraints of surfing, skiing and climbing, or in the impeccability of pursuing a path in the desire of the desire of that path, regardless of the constraints that may bound it. 

 It strengthens every dimension of the life of the church. And many of you men can be blessed by God and grateful to Him that your wife has grown and learned things from the Word of God which can enrich her own life and her relationship to you and your family. I praise God for that. I don't believe as the press tries to paint it and as people outside try to paint it that we have a whole lot of deprived women who are bound in a traditionalism that's not true to the contemporary mentality as I read about us in this and that. I believe that our women at Grace Community Church have experienced the true freedom to be all that God wants them to be within the role God's designed for them. 

 Then I was devoutly and sentimentally attached to a particular wing of a political party. Now with broken wing I walk more freely through the wide open fields of political options I could not have imagined myself considering a few years ago. Now chastened and somewhat more aware of the transpolitical nature of ordination, I am learning belatedly (out of the countercultural tradition from Polycarp to Menno Simons) some measure of political repentance, mostly in the form of silence, after sinning much politically. That itself is a vast political decision, to turn from partisanship toward political engagement along different lines: teaching the written word. Now I experience greater freedom to attest the received text and let the chips fall. 

 If this wasn't strange enough, when the man regains consciousness Oliver finds out he is Jack Frost and he is being pursued by a creature intent on destroying all the characters we know from myth and legend. Suddenly Oliver finds himself dragged through the Veil into an alternate reality that runs alongside our own but which is shrinking as the inhabitants are killed. But it is not Olive Bascombe the solicitor that can save them. He will need to become an adventurer and hero. Despite being hunted along with his new companions Oliver finds himself enjoying life and experiencing a freedom that he as not known previously. 

 If these rules were actually observed, how, then, would the people eat? Equally baffling are the requirements that all Israelite slaves must be released from servitude when a Jubilee year comes round and that every Israelite must return to his ancestral land. Commentators are quick to point to the problems. Unlike the equivalent Exodus and Deuteronomic rules, which have slaves released after six years, the Levitical law could have a slave serve for forty-nine years. In effect, those who became slaves just after a Jubilee year would never experience freedom. 

 Developing discipline, self-knowledge and acceptance will help to reduce the effect of these drives, and to develop the sense of wholeness, or integration that was discussed in the first chapter. Though these problems can be reduced by the yoga of action, it is meditation that will finally overcome them. When we are driven by our likes and dislikes, by our prejudices and fears, we tend to do things that cause problems for us later on. If we want to avoid building trouble for the future, we need to address the cause of the trouble: that we are confused about who we really are. At the root of the confusion is our misunderstanding about what is real, and when we remove this misunderstanding we can experience freedom. 