--tension mount-- 

 How to Cook Thanksgiving Dinner. 'What is it about Thanksgiving that brings out the crazy in everyone? When you distill the holiday to its essence, it's just another dinner for a bunch of people; but for most people, this is no ordinary dinner party - this is family. So, any insecurity you might have about your cooking skills is magnified by whatever factor equals how much your family members stress one another out. As the tensions mounts, remind yourself this entire hullabaloo is over 20 minutes of speed-eating and 10 minutes of sighing and belt-loosening. 

 The council will be set up at a meeting between CGEM members and a thirty-member delegation of Iraqi businessmen. Iran is worried by the threat of war breaking out in two bordering countries, Pakistan and Iraq, and is preparing to take in refugees if the situation deteriorates into armed conflict, a government official said Sunday. We are very concerned that war has been evoked," Ahmad Hosseini, the senior interior ministry official charged with refugee affairs told AFP. Whether we are dealing with Iraq or Pakistan, the policy we have with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) is to assist the refugees at the border and send them back to their country when the crisis comes to an end," he said. The United States has been hinting that an attack on Iraq might be the next step in its unilaterally declared "war on terror", while tension has recently mounted between nuclear rivals India and Pakistan. 

 Irish lock Bob Casey attempted a long pass but James Simpson-Daniel gathered the loose ball to streak away from sixty yards. The converted try took the score to 31-19 and should have settled the match but the Irish pack was firmly in control with strong driving mauls to compliment their efficient line-out play. Desperate Gloucester defensive tackling held Irish at bay for a time but eventually the pressure told before Olivier Magne was eventually awarded with a try by the video official for Irish that Everitt converted to eat away at the lead, 31-26. Irish kept up their non-stop momentum in the final stages of normal time with a series of driving mauls as they all piled in and inched their way to the Gloucester line before Robbie Russell was driven over, the try again awarded by courtesy of the video to level the scores at 31-31.Everitt missed the pressure kick for what would have been a match winning effort with normal time running out. The intensity continued, the tension mounted inexorably in extra-time as the Irish pack continued with their driving play before the pressure told and almost inevitably Everitt kicked the resultant penalty to put Irish back in the lead, 31-34. 

 Indeed, a supremely important feature in Balzac's characters is that most are spendthrifts of this vital force, a fact that explains his monomaniacs who are both victim and embodiment of some ruling passion; avarice, as in the main character of Gobseck, a usurer gloating over his sense of power, or the miserly father obsessed with riches in Eugénie Grandet; excessive paternal affection, as in the idolatrous Learlike father in Le Père Goriot; feminine vindictiveness, as evidenced in La Cousine Bette and a half-dozen other novels; the mania of the art collector, as in Le Cousin Pons; the artist's desire for perfection, as in Le Chef-d'oeuvre inconnu; the curiosity of the scientist, as in the fanatical chemist of Le Recherche de l'absolu; or the vaulting and frustrated ambition of the astonishingly resourceful criminal mastermind Vautrin in Illusions perdues and Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes. Once such an obsession has gained a hold, Balzac shows it growing irresistibly in power and blinding the person concerned to all other considerations. The typical structure of his novels from the early 1830s onward is determined by this approach: there is a long period of preparation and exposition, and then tension mounts swiftly to an inevitable climax, as in classical tragedy. 

 But if you are a traveller, you can bend planning law - building where you like, thanks to the Human Rights Act. Forcing travellers into houses is an abuse of their human rights. Since the passing of the Criminal Justice Act over 600 caravan sites have been closed. If councils and the government want to encourage travellers not to squat on private land, then it is their responsibility to provide more legal sites on which they can live. This is the only way to relieve the tensions that are mounting in sites such as Cottenham. 

 Following its distribution by the British Film Institute last September, bfi Video releases on DVD The Night of Truth (La Nuit de la Vérité), the audacious feature debut of the award-winning Burkinabé female director Fanta Régina Nacro. Set in an unnamed African country, after ten years of bloody war, The Night of Truth dramatises the process of truth and reconciliation, echoing the recent histories of South Africa, Sierra Leone and Rwanda, and highlights not only the female perspective but also the subtleties and complexities of learning to live together again in trust and respect. Genocide, raw and recent, is not far from the minds of the Nayak and Bonandé peoples who have been locked in a decade of bloody ethnic conflict. Now, the President (commander of the Nayak national army) and Colonel Theo (controller of the rebel Bonandé army) are determined to end the conflict. A celebration is arranged, but cynicism remains on both sides and - as the evening wears on - tension mounts. 

 The other children in the refugee house have to cope with typical teenage issues of love, relationships and being young, separated refugees. David (Malcolm Ellison) befriends Sarah as she escapes to the clifftop to write her diary. Shaun (Oliver Ford-Lane) is the randy teenager always trying to 'make it' with the girl and in particular Debs (Toni Mvers). Through the Internet Sarah discovers that Bujar, sensitively played by William Richardson, is alive and is being looked after by Albert (an accomplished performance by Tom Ross) who plans to bring him safely to England. A love relationship develops through their e-mails. However their arrival at the house does not run smoothly with tensions rapidly mounting. 

 I am thinking of Harvey Keitel dancing to the Rolling Stones in Mean Streets , and more to the point the use of Donald Byrd's 'Cristo Redentor' in A Bronx Tale. Perhaps it's not the greatest film in the world, but it made me rush out and get hold of Byrd's A New Perspective for that astonishingly moving track. And it still absolutely kills me every time. The choral arrangement is sublime, and in my view defines what can be attractive about spirituality. Then when the trumpet comes in, it's heartbreaking, as the tension mounts and Herbie tinkles away in a perfect dreamy fashion. 

 This came as a complete shock, since I understood that no award was to be made this year. However, I was honoured and delighted to be the recipient of this prestigious award. My thanks to all concerned. Then on to the main event. Again the adult dogs were paraded and lined up for the entrance of the judge. Judging commenced with seven sets of three dogs competing and one set of two. Again numbers were whittled down to a final four. The tension mounted at this stage and a hushed silence descended. 

 Grewcock scored it, striking the ball unerringly beyond Cass after a run that took him wide of two half-hearted challenges, and the crowd responded with a roar that suggested it was more of a promotion winner than a life saver. The second half had barely started before Burnley scored again. To the crowd's delight Grewcock's cross from the right was met by Britton, who made the most of a moment of freedom to leave Cass stranded. At the other end Neenan prevented Godfrey from scoring with an acrobatic save, but he was powerless when the ball reached Comfort from Brooks on the right. Comfort reacted with a shot of quality that reduced Burnley's lead and many in the crowd to near tears as the tension mounted yet again. 

 --tension increase-- 

 My routine flowed and I didn't know if I had completed it in the correct order. I didn't care anyway; I was just feeding off the crowd. I then found myself lined up ready for the placings. I didn't care where I was placed; I was already a winner as I was so proud of myself for achieving my goal. Fifth place was called out; then fourth was called and the tension was increasing. 

 Originally the sovereign's legislation needed only the agreement of his councillors. Later, starting with the right of individuals to present petitions, the Commons was eventually allowed to appeal to the Crown on behalf of groups of people. In the 14th century, under King Edward III it was accepted that there should be no taxation without parliamentary consent, still a fundamental principle today. In the 15th century, the Commons gained equal law-making powers with the Lords. In the 17th century, tensions increased between parliament and monarch, such that in 1641 the King and Parliament could not agree on the control of troops for repression of the Irish Rebellion. 

 When it is not possible to wind the film any further - it is time to rewind and unload the film. It is advisable to replace the lens cap - or cover the lens otherwise at this point just in case the shutter is left slightly open by partially winding the shutter. Rotate clockwise the collar around the shutter release until it stops. Pull up the rewind knob and turn clockwise until the film is fully rewound. You will know when this happens as the tension will increase when all film except for the tongue has been rewound and you have to give extra effort to pull the tongue from the takeup spool. 

 Since most commemorations were restricted to predominantly Catholic areas the major confrontations depended on the political environment and the tactics that the police and army deployed during the events. However, it is noticeable that there has been a growing acceptance by the forces of the state of republican political expression and, as the focus of that expression has shifted from the paramilitary to the political, from the IRA to Sinn Fein, demonstrations and commemorations have begun to gain greater access to city and town centres. In some respects the form of opposition to the state has returned to the tactics of the civil rights movement and away from than military confrontation. It is also clear that under direct rule the methods of policing loyal order parades has changed. As many loyalist parades reflected the influence of paramilitary groups in the displays of the blood and thunder bands tension has increased. 

 On the eve of World War I, tensions were rising not only within European states, but among them, as well. Overseas expansion had helped to maintain the balance of power system in Europe by providing a compensatory mechanism. And in spite of the heavily militarized and competitive character o Europe's overseas expansion, diplomatic instruments were found to regulate it such that conflicts over territory were prevented from escalating to war. However, as more and more countries began to pursue dualistic, externally- oriented economic expansion, conflict over still unexploited territories in Africa and Asia increasingly threatened to lead to war. At the same time that overseas tensions were increasing, Europe, itself became the focus of expansionist aims. 

 Russia was not as advanced as France in many areas and Schlieffen believed that Russia would take six weeks to mobilise her forces and that any possible fighting on the Russian-German border could be coped with by the Germans for a few weeks while the bulk of her forces concentrated on defeating France. Schlieffen concluded that a massive and successful surprise attack against France would be enough to put off Britain becoming involved in a continental war. This would allow Germany time (the six weeks that Schlieffen had built into his plan) to transfer soldiers who had been fighting in the successful French campaign to Russia to take on the Russians. Schlieffen also planned for the attack on France to go through Belgium and Luxemburg. Belgium had had her neutrality guaranteed by Britain in 1839 - so his strategy for success depended on Britain not supporting Belgium. The Schlieffen Plan was revised as tension in Europe increased. 

 Keith Moran, leader of The British Way, is initially sceptical about Adam, suspecting him of being a journalist. He takes Adam bird watching while other members of the party search Adam's flat. As a warning to Adam, Moran mentions that the body of the last infiltrator has never been found. Luckily the legend has been well constructed, right down to his Auntie May who lives in a safe house nearby. After a child is murdered in Hull by an asylum seeker, tensions increase further and Moran decides to take action. 

 The movie first encounters difficulties in its preproduction stage, starting with an uncomfortably small European-funded budget. Then Gilliam must wait for the lead actors, Johnny Depp and French actor Jean Rochefort, to show up on location in Spain. When Depp and Rochefort finally arrive, shooting commences, but within the first few days a torrential rainstorm hits the set, washing away much of the equipment and significantly altering the dry desert landscape. And to make matters much worse, Rochefort, who plays the central role of Don Quixote, falls ill and returns to Paris for medical treatment. As the days of the Quixote-less production go by, tensions among the crew members increase and Gilliam faces the frustratingly real prospect of scrapping the film. 

 The theme continued in the second half when, making substitutions, the Preston players took an age to leave the field. Gamesmanship or time-wasting? Still no punishment from Crossley. Davies exchanged words with fourth official Carl Boyeson, United head coach John Carver and even the fans behind the dugout in the John Charles Stand, and a general air of unpleasantness lingered on Friday. That tension increased after the game when, following the briefest of insincere handshakes with Blackwell, Davies ran to the Preston fans punching the air in celebration before announcing that he felt his side were as good as on their way to the Millennium Stadium. 

 The number of road accidents rises significantly when England are involved in a major football tournament, figures form Churchill Car Insurance show. And should England actually make the World Cup Final on July 9, Churchill predicts accidents on the roads could double. The company reviewed claims data from match days during the Euro 2004 soccer tournament in Portugal. These showed that road accidents increased 14% right the way through the tournament. But the accident figures really hit the roof on England match days - and as the tournament tension increased, stressed drivers' motoring skills started to suffer. 