--throw remark-- 

 Below, on the first landing, and lighted by another lamp, lads and lasses danced, not more than three at a time for lack of space, in jigs and reels and hornpipes. Above, on either side, there was a recess railed with iron, perhaps two feet wide and four long, which stood for orchestra and seats of honour. In the one balcony, five slatternly Irish lasses sat woven in a comely group. In the other was posted Orpheus, his body, which was convulsively in motion, forming an odd contrast to his somnolent, imperturbable Scots face. His brother, a dark man with a vehement, interested countenance, who made a god of the fiddler, sat by with open mouth, drinking in the general admiration and throwing out remarks to kindle it. 

 Do you have some examples of what you find lacking? Suggestions for how to improve the work? Or did you just stop by to throw a wrench in the gears? 05.31.05 | 6:12 AM Prabhath JP, I think you are almost as jealous as I am. But it's much better to admit it rather than throwing some wannabe remarks. 

 Above all, he denied that he had told Gilligan that Campbell had been responsible for doctoring intelligence reports. Why, then, had he not objected to the ministry's statement that he was likely to be Gilligan's main source? He gave no clear answer, bluntly accepting this inconsistency in his evidence when it was pointed out to him. He stonewalled many questions, repeatedly insisting that some be referred to the ministry of defence. He threw sometimes bitter remarks, the full weight of which could not have been felt until after his death. 

 The bassist and the banjoist then likened the "call" to a chorus or middle eight in a standard jazz structure (i.e. in a 24 bar standard - ABA - or a 32 bar standard - AABA - A is an 8 bar chorus and B is the middle eight, introducing a different melody). The tutor said this was not so, and again attempted to explain the "call". At this point the bassist accepted the explanation, but the banjoist continued to categorise it as a chorus, persistently attempting to fit this unfamiliar feature into an already known pattern. I had already come across it in African music and dance, where the lead drummer plays a similar repeated rhythmic phrase to signal a change of rhythm to the musicians and a change of step to the dancers. I therefore broke into the argument and attempted an explanation in these terms and one or two of the rest of the group made comments, so that the argument petered out and the tension was temporarily diffused, although the banjoist continued to throw in odd mocking remarks. 

 It was 1970, I was 25 and I paid £25 a time for my twice-weekly visits. I was working as a rock columnist for this newspaper and should, in theory, have been having the time of my life. Instead I felt completely isolated, a miserable outsider. The therapist never explained how her sessions worked. She just sat in silence, occasionally throwing out gnomic remarks I didn't understand. 

 Good evening," I returned; and then, to put them at their ease, "A stiff climb," I added. Yes," replied the leader; "but we have to thank you for this path. I did not like the man's tone. None of us liked it. He did not seem embarrassed by the meeting, but threw us his remarks like favours, and strode magisterially by us towards the shaft and tunnel. 

 Bolton said Washington was "keeping a close watch on Syria" for any signs of "nuclear weapons intent" and charged that it had stocks of chemical weapons and was pursuing a biological capability. The Beirut daily As-Safir points out that all these American signals were subsequently "interpreted" by the Israelis themselves, whose chief military intelligence researcher, Yossi Kupferwasser, came up with renewed allegations that Syria has been concealing proscribed weapons on Iraq's behalf, coupled with recommendations that the Americans should put Damascus and Hizbullah next on their hit list after they're done with "regime change" in Baghdad. According to Syrian sources quoted by As-Safir, the view in Damascus is that the US and Britain have embroiled themselves in a fight in Iraq that "will last for months. They contemptuously dismissed warnings about what they were letting themselves in for, and plunged recklessly into an invasion of the country "in compliance with Israeli doctrines and incitement. Arab newspapers note that in replying formally to Powell, Damascus threw his remarks about it bearing "responsibility for its choices" back at him. 

 Yes you, you snivelling hound. "You can't accuse me of that. "Yes I can, I'm God," Canute sneered sarcastically, "and you're the one who first said so. The Bowyer realised that he was now known to be the originator of the statements which were being turned against him, and so he could only keep his mouth shut, pretending to be an innocent victim. Two days later Canute found another opportunity to attack The Bowyer in his own manner, and throw some remarks back in his face. 

 That Sier is the one who gives an answer to all your posts just proofs that she can't even stand up for herself. But like i said don't blame her it's not really her fault. And now that everything is said i think you can close the argument and keep it inside your guild. Note 74 Corvolius (Mon Apr 4) (No Title) Greetings, Ive heard enough of this rubbish brought against the Lady Kiania. She was posting in my behalf, if that concept eludes you all then perhaps you should return to grammar school, or at least have the respect to learn what that term means before you throw remarks aimed at her. 

 VV: How did you come by your first organ? ML: My first organ was a Farfisa, and Italian thing that was fairly cheap, although it was a fortune to me at the time. I was playing piano and when the money wasn't coming in I was thinking, oh hell then I got a copy of Melody Maker and there was an advertisement; they didn't give their name, but they said stuff like; band going places, blah, blah, blah need organist. It was very fateful really, because there had been a bit of controversy in the Melody Maker for several weeks between Mick Jagger and a band called The Zephyrs. In an interview Jagger threw a remark about pop bands, and rubbish like The Zephyrs being on the radio. 

 --make remark-- 

 Hunting is one of the activities listed likely to cause damage to an SSSI. The two hunts are of no importance to the local economy. In fact they are a drain on Forest resources in that they pay no fees unlike other riders and yet cause erosion to forest lands.Since they are not restricted to the Rides, as all other riders are, both these factors cause ill feeling and resentment. In fact hunting on Ashdown Forest is positively detrimental to the rural economy. The forest was the source of inspiration for AA Milnes "Winnie the Pooh" stories and as a result attracts many visitors from outside the county and from overseas (totalling in excess of 1.25 million per annum). The Ashdown Forest Wildlife Protection Group has in the past obtained video evidence of the Old Surrey and Burstow hunt causing distress to children visiting Pooh Bridge and of a Master of that hunt making insulting remarks about Japanese visitors to the bridge and Ashdown Forest. 

 I believe in DSU and what it does. Sometimes we don't get it right and we need and welcome guidence. Constructive remarks are always welcomed. If you think I am self important then all I have to say is "I am whatever you say I am". I am never going to change your opinion of me. If you think I am doing a bad job then come and tell me how to do a better one, but don't make untraceable remarks about me. 

 We defend any conference which entails coordination, unanimity and consultation over security and stability in the region," he said as foreign ministers of Iran, Turkey, Syria, Jordan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia prepared to meet in Is tanbul ahead of another meeting of the same countries' heads of state. We hope that we would reach a common ground on regional security, not only restricted to Iraq, during the summit co nference which will be held after the foreign ministers' meeting in order to prove that regional issues have to be resolved by their people without need of outside interference," Khatami said. Turkey has invited the six countries to take part in the conference, aimed at finding a peaceful solution to the Ir aqi crisis amid US threats to oust Saddam Hussein. Article Index China Worried about Military Concentration in Gulf Area China is worried about the military concentra tion in the Gulf area, hoping that the Iraq issue be resolved through diplomatic and political means within the fra mework of the United Nations. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue made the remarks at a regular press conference on January 23. 

 Legal changes should make it easier for women to prevent inappropriate behaviour and remarks of a lewd and sexual nature making their working lives unbearable, says the Trades Union Congress (TUC). As a result of changes required by the European Equal Treatment Directive, for the first time, UK legislation says that women who are sexually harassed at work do not need to show that a man would have been treated differently. In the past, a common defence from employers was that there was no case to hear as the men in the office were being subject to the same behaviour. Now women only need to prove that they were treated in a way relating to their sex which violated their dignity, or was intimidating, hostile, degrading, humiliating or offensive. So, for example, if a colleague persists in making remarks about what nice legs a female employee has, or her boss promises her promotion if she goes away with him for the weekend, she should be able to claim that this is sexual harassment. 

 The need for opening up discourse on difference, cultural diversity and race in university classrooms Teacher education has a major role in opening up discourse around difference, cultural diversity and issues associated with multiculturalism, immigration and racism. If student teachers lack familiarity with non-mainstream groups they must be challenged to consider the 'other' dimension or they may perpetuate prejudicial perspectives in their professional practices in the future. By starting with more familiar aspects of difference such as gender and class, and 'cultural groups' such as persons with disabilities, the elderly and gay people, students may begin to explore issues associated with diversity and difference, and to develop some empathy before they make links with racial injustice and inequity (eg. Epstein, 1993). With the particular student cohort in this study gender and social class may have been excellent vehicles for understanding diversity because it is grounded in the experiences of a largely female group, where a significant proportion have also worked their way up from working class origins through 'educational opportunities'. The significance of challenging racist views Teacher education must be regarded as an important site for examining social justice and equity issues and attitudes and beliefs concerning multiculturalism and racism. Although most student teachers may have learnt that it is no longer socially acceptable to make racist remarks or engage in racist behaviour, this may not necessarily translate into acceptance of cultural diversity. 

 Finally the orange Shock Rocket is probably the most fun - you fire a rocket and the camera follows it as you guide it to its destination, which might be a caged Teensie to free, a door to smash or an enemy to blow up, this being particularly amusing as you see the Hoodlum run around in panic as the missile homes in on him and explodes! Each super power comes with an amusing looking costume and adds great variety to the levels, providing a wide range of puzzles using all manner of combinations of Rayman's new abilities. It's not far into the game when disaster strikes - Globox accidentally swallows Andre! Rayman's mission is now to get Globox to a Teensie witch doctor that will be able to get Andre out again. Meanwhile, Andre is just as loud and rude as ever, making snide remarks and bouncing around inside Globox's belly! 

 Admittedly the ADO who was here last year for a couple of months was (between you and me) a bloody fool and capable of all sorts of stupidity. But he did not record every having been at Mang. What I plan now if possible is to amalgamate Dembe, Mang and Kara. The Rest House will have to be at Kara. But if they had had any intelligence they would have realized at the meeting at Kara that both the D.H. and I carefully, almost ostentatiously, refrained from making any remark at all about the future chieftainship of Kara. 

 Predictably, he soon broke away from this as was his wont on such occasions, and entered areas which had not been prepared for him. Some operatives, suddenly recognising him, cowered behind their machines, but were quickly reassured by his outgoing and friendly manner. He was taken into the museum, but made no attempt to play with any of the toys so carefully prepared for him. If he noticed the smell, he made no comment on it . He was in the room less than two minutes, and made some such remark as "Interesting set of old stuff you've got here". 

 Is it Downing Street when they deny that Cherie Blair said that Gordon Brown lied? Or is it the Bloomberg reporter? So far this has come up on Bloomberg , Sky News, the BBC , Guidos blog , the Daily Mail , The Times and elsewhere. Conspiracy theory coming up... I have to wonder if this is a deliberate attempt to draw attention from the speech, did Cherie make the remark fully aware that the reporter was within earshot? 

 I don't really know what wisdom is. I suppose it's because it fluctuates and changes depending on a lot of situations and view points. It's a funny old word and I'm not to sure what to make of it, maybe this is because it's been abused so much. In Glastonbury town or parts of India favoured by idiots you can become wise by wrapping your balls up with a chain and decorating yourself like a Christmas tree. I can't help associating the word wisdom with magic, cosmic-ness and fantasy, but I better not get started on that or I'll be spitting and swearing all night and end up making libellous remarks about Terry Pratchett. 