--view reflect-- 

 In 1995 the principals' association divided into two sub groups, one for primary and one for secondary. The newer principals sometimes expressed irritation engendered by attendance at meetings where 'the old guard' had a tendency to blame everyone else for their problems. A predilection to 'moan' and frequent lack of focus were also cited as reasons for dissatisfaction with principals' meetings. At the same time members of the groups did acknowledge that there had been a need to 'get things off their chest' but they believed that, having done this, the time had come to 'tip the agenda towards matters of policy and structure'. From late 1995 onwards principals views did reflect a greater degree of optimism about their group meetings. 

 Public policy messages about 'striking the balance' and family friendly employment were echoed clearly by children. In response to a vignette of two hard-working parents in a family-run shop, for example, the children's views were clear: parents should 'be there for them' rather than working long hours. Children said parents ought to be helping children with their homework rather than running the business. They did not look kindly on the long hours culture which is so characteristic of the lives of many working parents today. Children's views also reflect the importance currently being placed upon the work ethic, for mothers as well as fathers. 

 And so as Professor Michael Barber records of a conversation with a Treasury official during the 1980s "It doesn't really matter what the issue is", the civil servant said, "we know that the question we have to ask is 'how do we create a market' " - the prescription on every occasion: deregulation, marketisation and the withdrawal of the state. So for the left opportunity and security for all is prejudiced by reliance on markets. For the right opportunity and security for those who deserve it is only possible by greater reliance on markets. These views -- too much market on the one hand, too little market on the other -- have defined the terrain of political debate in Britain and elsewhere in the post war period. Yet for all their differences both views reflect the same doctrinaire approach to the question of the role of markets. 

 The necessity of ascetic self-control is that it enables this violence to be lived in phantasy instead of expressing itself in social relations. There are two components to a person: his present state of mind and his past states of mind. His present state is the ego , and all the past states are his psychological and moral conditioning (his karma ). In my 'creative illness' I formulated a view of my ego that was based on my empirical results. This view reflects the manner in which emotions are associated with complex patterns of beliefs and attitudes. 

 Europeans, he added, "have little experience in the exercise of responsibility divorced from ... narrow and specific national interests. He said this in explaining why the United States would win the war in Vietnam. Naturally this attitude does not always go down very well in other countries and has become a particular irritant in American relations today with Europe. The serious formulation of the neoconservatives' argument says that while the United States acts on moral realism, the West Europeans have adopted an idealistic view of international affairs that may be appropriate in dealing with the concerns of the European community but is irresponsible as an approach to an international order threatened by rogue states and anarchic failed states. It contends as well that the European view reflects a lack of courage and a deplorably selfish willingness to allow the United States to defend the international order while Europeans appease rogue rulers and seize shady commercial advantages that the United States high-mindedly scorns. 

 As reflected in the survey, the general public seems worried about the darker side of cyberspace, far more so than the digital cognoscenti in Silicon Valley or our free-market-happy political leaders. Whether people are realistic about computers, jobs and income is a fascinating question as well. An astonishing 87% of those polled said they are not concerned that computers might eliminate their jobs. In addition, some 40% believe that computers in the workplace will increase wages, while 39% think it will make no difference. While these views reflect the glowing economic optimism of the Clinton years, they seem at odds with some longer-term historical trends. 

The party at the Imperial Hotel on Friday night apparently went well and the conference itself was lively and animated with heated debates on Heinlein, Larry Niven, and Tau Zero. A vocal trio of George Hay, Rog Peyton, Bob Parkinson, and Dr. Cohen kept audience response at a high level and other fans and authors present included Mark Adlard, Peter Tate, Vic Hallet, Rog Peyton (with bookstore), Malcolm Edwards, the Pardoes, & others. The NBL-SF Foundation book show was adequate without being exciting and was cumbered with some hideous crayoned scrawls and scribblings which George Hay said had 'accreted' somewhere in the exhibit's tour. A very unfortunate and subjective response from me likened the conference to a nightmare dream of a miserable convention (few fans, few rooms, extremely short, ancient porters, book-lined interiors, and so on). I must hasten to add that this view did not reflect anything on the conference or my expectations about it; but the continued similarities with and remembrances of my dream managed to unnerve and unsettle me somewhat at intervals throughout the day.

 Volunteering 7.5 NCVO does not have any remit with regard to promoting or supporting volunteering. However we did include some questions on this in the consultation. This is clearly an important issue for many VCOs. There were a wide range of responses to questions on the roles that volunteers can be offered, whether we are always targeting the right people and whether the need to gain professional skills is an incentive or disincentive to volunteering. These divergent views reflect the fact that different VCOs work with their volunteers in different ways. 

 Governments can no longer govern; they can only negotiate" In detail Between 1967 and 1979 he was associate professor of sociology at the School for Advanced Studies in Social Sciences at the University of Paris. In 1979 he was appointed Professor of City and Regional Planning and of Sociology at the University of California, Berkeley. He has lectured in over 300 academic institutions in 43 countries. What he offers you Manuel Castells is the most influential urban theorist of our time and has revolutionized modern thought on the processes of advanced capitalism and the generation of inequality. His forward thinking views reflect the panoramic breadth of his knowledge, the clarity of his approach, and the scholarly rigor and intellectual depth of his theoretical methods. 

 The Court and, in the past, also the European Commission for Human Rights, handed down a series of ground-breaking judgments, recognising that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation was a violation of fundamental rights, and gradually expanding this general principle to areas such as employment and child custody. The decisions of the Court are of the greatest importance because they oblige changes in national legislation which is found to be incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights. In the Parliamentary Assembly we do not only aim to change laws, we also try to change attitudes. The Assembly brings together parliamentarians from different backgrounds and of different political persuasions. Their views reflect the predominant opinions within their part of the electorate, be they progressive or conservative, tolerant or marred with prejudice. 

 --view represent-- 

 That he has singled out South Asian nationalities is at once an indication of his racism. Writing in a recently published essay for a book on "British identity", he declared with regard to people of South Asian origin: "Speaking English enables parents to converse with their children in English at home and participate in wider modern culture and it helps overcome the schizophrenia which bedevils generational relationships. With regard to citizenship he declared, "Citizenship should be about shared participation, from the neighbourhood to national elections. It is to be recalled that at present the Nationality, Immigration and Asylum bill is under discussion in parliament and includes proposals for tests in "Britishness" for prospective new citizens. These views which represent the stand of the British state and are not just the individual views of David Blunkett reflect the chauvinism and racism which pervade the existing political arrangements in the country. 

 Any solution to the dispute must be based on the demands of the fire-fighters. They are correct to develop the consciousness of the need to become political in this situation. It is unquestionable that they must and will develop their initiative to achieve their demands. The fire-fighters' cause is just. Article Index Interview with an East London Firefighter WDIE interviewed a firefighter, an FBU representative at Stratford, East London, on picket duty on November 14. The interview was conducted amid continuous and loud hooting and expressions of support from the general public both on foot and from motor vehicles. The views well represent the sentiment of the firefighters. 

 Far more information about what lives in a raw file than you probably wanted to know. Want to write your own converter? Some info on demosaicing algorithms and other factors affecting raw camera file decoding. Keith is always happy to discuss matters raised in his articles. You can contact Keith at the address below. The views above represent those of Keith Cooper. 

 In the inquiry mentioned above, Haug found that all students do have some special educational topics in their elementary teacher education, usually linked to main categories like "mentally retarded" or "emotionally disturbed". However, the effect of this approach, Haug says, is to maintain the division between "normal" pupils and the others. It also underlines the need for specialists when working with students categorised as having special needs. It seems that the tendency is clearly in the tradition of the psycho-medical paradigm in special education, locating deficits within individual children (Clark & al. 1995). This is a view that does not represent inclusion in education. 

 Charlotte shows her self-interest and materialism, because she is purely interested in settling into an establishment, obtaining financial and social security. Miss Lucas, who accepted him solely from the pure and disinterested desire of an establishment, cared not how soon the establishment were gained.. Charlotte is only interested in a house and the status Collins can offer her. She has no respect for him therefore wishes a short courtship and a speedy marriage. Charlotte's view of marriage represents an unromantic, detached, rational view with which many women shared. 

 This shows it is possible to challenge, modify and even change the present agenda of world capitalism, he claims. For if globalisation is conceived as basically a policy of governments then it is possible to alter this policy without the need for transforming structural change: "If the neo-liberal hegemony began with the opening of the Berlin Wall on November 9 th 1989, then it lasted barely ten years, to the first great demonstration in Seattle on 30 th November 1999. The Washington Consensus continues to provide the framework for policy-making in virtually every state, but it is now intensely contested. This view represents a naive optimism that plays up the success of the anti-capitalist movement and correspondingly downplays the resources of capital, in order to propagate the illusion that all that is necessary to overthrow the neo-liberal agenda is the adoption of new policies, via pressure on pro-capitalist governments. 

 The National Association's views are rooted in the fundamental principle that parish, town and community councils are a basic element of local government in this country. As such local councils should be as far as possible provided with the same opportunities and subjected to the same conditions as other tiers of local government. Issues for Consultation NALC values the opportunity to comment on this important issue. This response has been drafted with the benefit of sight of copies of some of the responses made directly to you; in addition County Associations and others have contacted the National Association with views. A number of meetings have been held in various parts of the country and the discussions at these have also helped. These views do not represent a balance of numerical voting on issues raised. 

 What should my petition contain? Your petition should state clearly the name and contact details for the lead petitioner / organiser of the petition. It would be too costly to send individual letters to every signatory and so all correspondence will be sent to this person. Ideally, your petition should give the name, address and signature of each person who signs it. This will help the Council assess the extent to which the views represent a particular locality. 

 Sambo was a derogatory term. It is no less so now. In "the old days" it was very nearly always intended to be. I suppose it's quite significant that you feel you can say you applaud this use of insensitive terminology, but in doing so aren't you undermining the efforts of generations of rightminded people? And risking pushing us back several decades? My views don't represent those of all whites, I know, but, quite certainly, neither do yours represent the views of all non-whites. 

 Can it use new and developing technologies to better effect? How can Parliament engage people at a local level? Is visiting Parliament a useful means to learn more about events that take place there? And how can Parliament better inform the public and young people about what it does? The following views represent some of the responses received so far by the Commission. 