--war uproot-- 

 UK government is neglecting the victims of Africa's longest running war /30.11.05 Joint statement by: Oxfam, Christian Aid, Tearfund, International Rescue Committee, World Vision UK, Save the Children UK, CAFOD and Quaker Peace and Social Witness The UK government is neglecting almost two million innocent people suffering due to the war in northern Uganda, said eight leading aid agencies today on the eve of the UK presidency of the UN Security Council. Despite being Africa's longest running war, the 19-year conflict between the Ugandan government and the rebel group, the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), has never been formally addressed by the UN Security Council. The UK must use its presidency to push the crisis onto the Council's agenda, say aid agencies. 'The war in northern Uganda has uprooted as many people as the Bosnian wars and killed more people than the wars in Liberia and Sierra Leone put together, yet in two decades the UN Security Council has never formally addressed it. 

 I was later stationed in Pleiku and Saigon. In addition to pictures taken for the government, I took many more of the Vietnamese civilians, particularly children--probably over 1500 images. Recently, I've been reviewing the bulk of this portfolio in an attempt to determine their relevance to the culture and history of the period. My hope is to preserve these photos as documentary material, recording this era in Vietnam's history on CD-ROM in the form of a self-guided multimedia presentation. The theme underlying the portfolio is the effect of the war upon the Vietnamese people and how the war uprooted their lives ... ' Children - Montagnards - military - Vietnamese people - protest - shrines The Invisible Library. 

 As with most Christian communities of the Middle East, the Syriac Catholic Church has suffered severely as the region's stability has deteriorated in the last 100 years or so. During Iraq's civil war (2006-2007), thousands fled the violence in Baghdad and Mosul, where they had once enjoyed relative prosperity. The displaced found security in their remote ancestral villages near ancient Nineveh. Now, these once proud centers of the church – the source of many of its vocations to the priesthood and religious life – have been lost, too, as Islamic extremists invaded the Nineveh Plain in August 2014, displacing more than 100,000 Christians, as well as Yazidis and other minorities. Civil war in Syria has uprooted thousands more, while economic stagnation and political uncertainty in Egypt and Lebanon have encouraged some Syriac Catholic families to emigrate to the West. 

 We are looking to recruit both people with high and normal blood pressure. Humanitarian efforts in the Sudanese and Chadian refugee camps - their successes and failures, and life for an aid worker on the front lines. In North Africa, he who controls the guns, controls the country. Will the Sultan's wisdom and moral courage be enough to lead his people through a crisis that is tearing their world apart? When war uproots your life, how do you prepare for a future that you cannot even envision? 

 The population in western and central Europe has been shifting in the direction of diversity for the last seventy years, and that of the United States more or less consistently since the nation's founding. Along with diversity comes a complementary, if perhaps more gradual, shift in culture. Opposing this historical trend is the fact that anti-immigrant resistance among established national populations is almost a default position. There is ironic justice in this prospect. After all, the wars that have uprooted so many were triggered by Western intervention in the Middle East. 

 18 Jewish vocational patterns often reflected this reality. Few Jews tried to obtain engineering degrees, for example, because prospects for employment were slim. Some Jews changed their names to increase their chances at jobs in large firms.19 But most navigated the prejudice and discrimination as facts of life. Compared to the violent anti-Semitism in Europe, the American brand seemed tame. Then the war came and uprooted Jews from their established routines, comfortable neighborhoods, and mundane affairs. 

 The Nizip camp sits on the banks of the Euphrates River in Turkey's Gaziantep province, 48 kilometres from the Syrian border. It hosts 14,597 refugees from various towns of Syria. Sixty percent of them live in tarpaulin tents. The rest are housed in containers. The war has not only uprooted them from their homes, but has also disrupted their entire social fabric. 

 When your mother returns you never regain that closeness, until one day she is murdered years after the war has passed. Such an existence is foreign to nearly all of us. Yet the themes present–parental issues, friendship, social confusion, peer pressure, heartbreak–are universal. There are hundreds of volumes of historical nonfiction about World War II. Yet in Michael Ondaatje's novel, Warlight, we shed the macrocosm to home in on how war uproots one family. 

 Generously dedicate your time and effort for the "young brothers of Jesus." And to our children in Syria, who fell in the grip of terrorism, manipulated by the forces of this world to fragment their country, displace them and expel them from their land, we confirm our commitment to the unity of this country and to the right of its people to live safely, freely and with dignity. We call on the world to work seriously to find a political solution to this senseless war that has ravaged Syria, to reach a solution that guarantees peace and the return of the abductees, the refugees and the displaced and the right of the Syrian people to decide their fate, away from any external interference. For Iraq, suffering from the scourge of successive wars which uprooted generations and generations from their ancestors' land, as it happened last year in Mosul and the towns and villages of the Nineveh Plain who have been witnesses to the horrors that reminded the world of the brutality of past centuries' wars and which continues to destroy ancient civilizations. 

 Warm weather reduced the number of calories needed for survival and encouraged people to move from one place to another. "Ranks of beggars and roaming people swell enormously during the summer." Like other asocial groups (nobles as bandits, mercenaries as soldiers and bandits), vagabonds spread all over fifteenth-century Europe. The difference in France was perhaps the scale. The devastation of the generations-long war had uprooted more people in France than in other parts of Europe. 

 --war displace-- 

 As always, it is the innocent who suffer most. In the early 1990s there has been a succession of refugee crises as people have fled from conflicts: in 1992 alone over 3.5 million people were forced to flee across an international border. In the former Yugoslavia the number of people dependent on humanitarian assistance rose from 500,000 to 3.6 million in the sixteen months between December 1991 and June 1993. In 1992 over 10% of the population of Somalia were refugees in neighbouring countries. By the end of 1992 the conflict between Azerbaijan and Armenia created more than 800,000 refugees, while the civil war in Tajikistan had displaced a further 500,000. 

 This also puts a sense of doubt in British Muslims as to whether they are even allowed to start voicing their opinions about these legislations without being labelled as extremists. Thirdly, it is imperative that we understand the diversity, breadth and conviction of British Muslim views. One major view is that deprived Muslims around the world are being forgotten and are frequently suffering from acts of terrorism. Muslims often get caught in the middle of a conflict between world powers or are subject to degrading treatment. To many within our country, there is considerable doubt over the legitimacy of the war with Iraq. Is this war that has displaced millions of people in Iraq and has caused a serious number of civilian deaths, driving them in to the misery of poverty, really achieving justice? 

 With up to 18 million people facing severe food shortages, Mercy Corps is rushing emergency aid and relief supplies to victims of drought and war in the Horn of Africa. Mercy Corps is shipping three containers of food to Ethiopia, where the famine is most severe. The shipment includes enough flour, beans and powdered milk to feed 3,000 people for one month. An assessment team will monitor distribution and develop additional response. In addition, a major emergency response programme is being planned in neighboring Eritrea, where war has displaced 370,000 people. 

 In practice, its brutal methods have been directed largely against the region's civilian population. Its fighters have pillaged and burned entire villages, carried out massacres, mutilated people and, most notoriously, abducted children. The UN Children's Fund (UNICEF) estimates that 25,000 children have been kidnapped by the LRA since the conflict began, nearly half of them since 2002. Abducted boys and girls have been forced to fight and serve as porters, while many girls have also been pressed into sexual slavery. The war has displaced an estimated 1.6 million people in northern Uganda, obliging them to seek refuge in 135 overcrowded and unsanitary camps. 

 We all know how far, far short of fulfilling that great expectation we still are. Forgive me if I think first of all my fellow Africans, who are feeling the scourge of war today, even as we speak. The genocide in Rwanda and the subsequent conflicts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have at least received worldwide publicity, even if far too little effective international action. But other wars, hardly less murderous, have been almost completely ignored. For instance: In Congo-Brazzaville, a conflict that has gone almost unnoticed by the world has claimed thousands of lives; in the first four months of this year alone, the renewal of civil war in Angola has displaced 780,000 people, bringing to some 1.5 million the number who have been driven from their homes. 

 Nowadays, many people prefer independent travel to organize tourism, particularly the young people travelling on a tight budget for a long period of time. Backpackers prefer to take limited luggage and they travel cheaply, depending on local transport, camping and buying food in local shops and stores. In this way it is possible to explore remote and exotic regions that have been lying untouched earlier. Besides being tourists there are a number of factors that can keep people on the move also. For example, famine, war and conflict have displaced millions of people all over the world driving them out from their homes. 

 While over 3.2 million people still require humanitarian assistance, humanitarian access remains extremely challenging. In Syria, government military aircraft targeted rebel-held districts in the northern city of Aleppo, killing at least 15 people according to opposition activists. In parallel, Damascus announced that it had retaken control of the key Damascus – Homs supply highway after gaining ground in the battle for the strategic Qalamoun region. London and Washington decided to suspend all non-lethal assistance to the Syrian opposition fearing that military equipment may fall under the control of Islamic radical groups. In Syria, the conflict has been going on for over 1,000 days, and to date, the war has displaced 6.5 million people internally and forced 2.3 million to cross into neighbouring countries. 

 Non-governmental organizations and advocacy groups have been encouraged to do the important work -- at the grassroots level -- of helping women change their lives. And governments have made new commitments thanks to the United Nations' conferences. I'm especially pleased that UNIFEM has encouraged the investments in women's education and leadership training and microcredit loans that are beginning to transform lives everywhere. </s><s> In looking at the work of UNIFEM, I can find so many examples from around the world. A woman in Somalia, where the war has displaced so many families and resulted in great human suffering, was trained by UNIFEM in conflict resolution and now encourages other women to help bring peace to that troubled land. 

 Sarajevo is also famous for its city lookouts; including an observation deck on Avaz Twist Tower, Park Princeva restaurant, Vidikovac lookout, Zmajevac lookout and Yellow/White fortresses lookouts (in Vratnik) as well as numerous other rooftops throughout the city (i.e. Alta Shopping Center, BBI Center, Hotel Hecco Deluxe). The last official Yugoslav census took place 1991 and recorded 527,049 people living in the city of Sarajevo (ten municipalities). In the settlement of Sarajevo proper, there were 416,497 inhabitants. The war displaced hundreds of thousands of people, a large majority of whom have not returned. 

 A protest at John F. Kennedy airport, where 12 refugees were detained Saturday, swelled to more than 2,000 people, including some celebrities. Protesters also converged in Newark, New Jersey, Denver, Chicago, Dallas, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego. "Lion" star and Oscar nominee Dev Patel called the travel ban "heartbreaking." Trump's order immediately suspended a program that last year resettled to the U.S. roughly 85,000 people displaced by war, political oppression, hunger and religious prejudice. He indefinitely blocked all those fleeing Syria, where a civil war has displaced millions of people, and imposed a 90-day ban on entry to the U.S. from seven Muslim majority nations. 