--wear smile-- 

 The chalet was everything we expected; clean, modern and spacious. Each room was fitted with washing facilities, and our room had a stunning view of the mountains, including Mont Blanc not that far away. There was a ducasi, steam room and massage room in a building separate to the chalet. Bikes were kept securely in the garage, and a (at most times locked) workshop. The guides did a great job of showing us the local trails, and kept the pace low so that nobody got left behind, and ensured everybody was wearing large smiles. 

 Can I get you anything, Sir," she asked softly once he'd had time to regain his senses a little more. I wouldn't mind a drink of water. My mouth's parched," he croaked. As she went to do his bidding, infirmary doors swung open to admit a tall man whom he was sure he hadn't seen before. He was wearing a broad smile and carrying a large bunch of flowers. 

 He can bid me to do almost anything and I will follow. His authoritarian airs call upon me to obey. Those that dare to challenge him always lose, and they are few. He holds all the cards except the joker. He can wear a set smile, to appreciate that you came on time. 

 He opened his breeches to show his contempt, and showered the rogue right in the eye. The hiss of the arrow made clear Rob's intent - Childe Harold the love act no more would attempt! Whilst Chris sorely howled, Dan Juan stepped out, Resplendent in silk, violet and gold brocade; His unicornian codpiece hid the mythic trout Both feared and desired by nun, wench and maid. On his arm, Karen, her beauty high praised; Her fortune still higher if Rob knew Dan's style; The rest of the lot peered out with eyes glazed. As Robin's men circled, each wearing a smile: This was their fattest catch in a while! 

 Some humans are honest and good but like I told you, some have the sickness called greed and also like I told you, it makes them lie and cheat, deceive and connive, so when they say they are doing something for charity, they are not doing it to be a good person, they are doing it to deceive the simple folk. Some shave their heads, others shave their faces, some open fetes or start boat races, some say they help the sick, the poor, the dying, but all the time, they deceive, connive, they are lying. All the time they think of lucre. So, Woodmouse, in our kingdom, we know our enemies, but in the human's kingdom they do not know who is their friend, and who is their enemy. On their face, they wear a smile. 

 A short walk from the harbour, children of a wild, grubby, happy demeanour were playing football on a shared green between lines of old terraced quarriers' cottages. A few adults sat chatting on doorsteps in the sun, smiling as we passed. They didn't look to me as if they needed saving. The Celtic Renewal Service, as Donald was calling it, took place the following evening on a village green in Seil. We donned our robes shortly before seven, observed by locals wearing sympathetic smiles. 

 The words "silence", "strange" and stagnant" feature regularly especially in the initial poems. This is not accidental, as a close reading shows their operational significance. They serve to highlight surprise and the initial inability to do anything as reality sinks in. But it is not a situation that lasts for long because the indomitable human spirit takes over and the battle of survival is engaged in every facet of life. Today I live among cocoyam groves wayfarer in search of seeds of truth But still, I wear smiles in my soul because life's not about the end of stories but an endless story. 

 The Scarecrow had fairly thrown himself upon the bosom of his old comrade, so surprised and delighted was he to see him again, and Tiktok squeezed the Tin Woodman's hand so earnestly that he dented some of his fingers. Then they had to make way for Ozma to welcome the tin man, and the army caught sight of him and set up a cheer, and every body was delighted and happy. For the Tin Woodman was a great favorite with all who knew him, and his sudden recovery after they had thought he was lost to them forever was indeed a pleasant surprise. Before long the cavalcade arrived at the royal palace, where a great crowd of people had gathered to welcome their Queen and her ten children. There was much shouting and cheering, and the people threw flowers in their path, and every face wore a happy smile. 

 Funeral service at St Giles' Church, Balderton, on Thursday, June 29 at 11.30am and after at St Giles' Hall. Cremation at Grantham Crematorium at 4.15pm. Family flowers only but donations, if so desired, for Balderton Parish Council, Village Hall Fund, which was a cause close to his heart, may be sent to E. Gill and Sons Ltd. NA289888 LANE On June 18, 2006, in Newark Hospital, Vera, aged 83 years. Wife of the late William James. The light that you shone gave others hope, The love that you gave allowed us all to cope, Brave till the last, but the die had been cast, You wore your smile to the end, To Heaven the Lord does you send. 

 Further as you are buying from registered EU pharmacies you can be assured that all relevant duties are prepaid within the European Union and there are no extra costs. Body Care Herbal Fusion brings you the ultimate in herbal health and beauty products. All our treatments are carefully selected for their quality, effectiveness and individuality. Tooth Care Europes Best Selling Tooth Whitener. The Italians are known for style, and that includes wearing a beautiful smile! 

 --have smile-- 

 So important were friends for some that one girl advised other teens with FASD to "make a lot of friends. Make the best out of school. Another girl suggested, "Get involved. Try to get integrated. Always be friendly and have a smile on your face. 

 Everybody back," Jack ordered unnecessarily. The small group had already instinctively edged carefully away from the unstable area. Seconds later, as Jack stared at the pit, Mays scrambled up out of the tunnel entrance, closely followed by Daniel and Teal'c, all of them coughing and coated with dirt. Well, that was close," Daniel said casually as he coughed again, trying to clear the dust from his throat. Jack just shook his head and looked at Mays, who had an almost beautific smile on his dirt smeared face. 

 My hope was that a boot up the behind from the authorities might speed up the process. It didn't. By this point, the wheel had completely collapsed and I was pretty much housebound in London. So I decided to leave the confines of the M25 and visit my folks in Clacton on Sea. I come from a whole family of wheelchair users, and I knew that lying somewhere around my parents' house would be a spare chair that I could use. Being a recent(ish) graduate with no money ever, stranded halfway between paydays, and having a sweet smile, I persuaded my mother to take the broken wheel to a local bike shop to have it repaired. 

 Among his many well-known pictures are "The Garden by the River," purchased by the Council of the Royal Academy, as trustees for the permanent collection of New South Wales in 1897, and "Milking Time," bought under the Chantrey Bequest in 1898, "From Green to Gold," was bought for the permanent collection in Liverpool. Among his other works are "The Lass that Loves a Sailor, Sweet September, The Miller's Daughter, & Hay in September. He has been awarded medals in exhibitions in Paris, Chicago, and Berlin. In appearance Yeend King was a contrast to the conventional idea of an artist, wearing his hair short, and having a genial smile and a great fund of humour. 

 Most blokes were ever happy just to go behind a tree - but folks elite would much prefer a toilet when they pee. But trees were rare on Doyley s plain, not one for fifty kays, whilst privacy behind a car was not part of their ways. The double-dunny Doyley owned, to most, was quite a treat, and lady-like, all dainty dames would have to have a seat. But duets on the dunny didn t favour everyone - except on odd occasions such as mother, daughter, son. Old Doyley was a crafty one and always loved a joke; he always had a welcome smile and yarn each time he spoke; he d tell outrageous stories that went far beyond belief; and make blokes laugh and lose control before they d had relief. 

 Mr Foster: Many words of sympathy have been expressed in the Assembly this morning. I am sure that they were all well meant and said with feeling. Let me quote some that express the agony of Omagh: "I left him down to the bus and he was so excited that he jumped out of the car before saying goodbye. But he did look at me and smiled in the way he normally did. He had a beautiful smile and was such a happy, gifted child. 

 The chalets scattered round the southern half of the island were extremely comfortable. Above all though, the lasting impression should be one of tranquillity and relaxation. Perhaps the most exacting thing one had to do was remove one's shoes on entry into any of the buildings and wash your feet in the basin of water left outside each front door. If the strain of that is all too much, then sit on the wooden veranda, iced beer in hand, gazing out to the horizon and watch the distant moon rise like a giant inflating marsh mallow.... I defy you not to have a wonderfully contented smile on your lips. 

 Time is on your side. There's not space here to list all the things you ought to do, but with common sense and some valuable time you can work it out for yourself -- in fact, researching stress, time management and health will ensure that the knowledge becomes embedded in your mind and good attitudes become a habit. Don't become too obsessed with health: balance your life on your terms. One last recommendation is to laugh a lot. Listen to your favourite radio programmes or CDs in your car, try to remember some old jokes, lighten up. Your customer is going to like you more if you have a genuine smile on your face. 

 However to get them that white you could do tooth whitening, either a home kit or in a surgery. If you want a wider smile then that may be achievable for you through thicker porcelain veneers, these can fill out your lips. Janet W wants to know: "Is it a lot of work to have a set of teeth like J-Lo? Dr Andrea Ubhi said: It depends what you are starting from. If you have a big smile but need to change the colour or position slightly then whitening or veneers would give you a J-Lo smile. 

 When I first took to the road, the steering felt a lot lighter than a diamond bike, to the point I was trying to avoid scratching my nose for fear of falling off while riding with only one hand on the bar. Just in case motorists driving behind fail to see me, I have a selection of reflective stickers attached as well as a safety flag to alert them of my presence. A Union Jack or skull and cross bones flags are added according to mood. To date, I've had no problems getting the bike on and off Connex's assortment of ancient and modern rolling stock. I did have a smile though when a father brought his two curious sons from the next carriage along the train for a closer look at the bike while it stood in a gangway. 